data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/at2.plate.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/baumans/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/grandhotel/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/sniglet/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/rambla/src/Rambla-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/cuprum/Cuprum-Italic.ttf.i
data/clara/src/Clara-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/roboto/Roboto-Light.greek+latin.i
data/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/snippet/METADATA.i
data/clara/src/Clara-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/debian/rules.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-LightItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_ring.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_3.glif.i
data/balthazar/src/Balthazar-Regular.ttf.i
data/felltypes/IMFeGPsc28P.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/lato/Lato-Black.ttf.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h_circumflex.glif.i
data/varela/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/romanesco/src/Romanesco-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/lato/Lato-Black.ttf.i
data/titanone/TitanOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-BoldItalic.menu.d
data/apache/unkempt/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Bold.latin-ext.d
data/designers/denis_masharov/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/sofia/Sofia-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-SemiBold.devanagari.d
data/designers/denis_masharov/portrait-orig.jpg.d
data/pinyonscript/src/PinyonScript-Regular.otf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ptserif/src/PTF55F_W.eot.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/OFL.txt.i
data/ptserif/src/PTF55F_W.eot.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.dnom.glif.i
data/cantarell/Cantarell-Oblique.menu2.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/lemonone/LemonOne-Regular.latin.i
data/homenaje/src/Homenaje-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/revalia/src/Revalia-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/apache/rocksalt/RockSalt.menu.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/petitformalscript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/kenia/src/2010-12-09_Kenia_text.pdf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/kenia/src/2010-12-09_Kenia_text.pdf.d
data/ofl/chelaone/src/ChelaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_caron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/coveredbyyourgrace/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_3.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/tools/lint/src/com/google/lint/LintModule.java.i
data/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidotBold.ttf.i
data/marvel/src/Marvel-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidotBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_0.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020A_.glif.i
data/asset/src/Asset.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/METADATA.orig.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/dosis/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni040D_.glif.i
data/ofl/martelsans/MartelSans-Bold.ttf.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-SemiBoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-SemiBoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/gudea/Gudea-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/f.glyph.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/carroisgothic/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/play/Play-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/novaoval/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/londrinasketch/src/LondrinaSketch-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/apache/satisfy/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_013.glif.i
data/cabin/src/Cabin-SemiBoldItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/enriqueta/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/juliussansone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/lemonone/src/LemonOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Italic.latin.i
data/corben/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/dbar.plate.i
data/overlocksc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/amacron.smcp.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00540068.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ncommaaccent.glyph.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/lobster/src/Font Lab Source/LobsterSource.vfb.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/w_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bullet.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/tools/menusubset/menusubset-vietnamese.ff.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/nunito/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/unna/src/Unna-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/coda/src/Coda-Caption-Heavy.sfd.i
data/spirax/src/Spirax-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/ptserif/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/src/CaslonText-Regular-Preview.png.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/oleoscriptswashcaps/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/reeniebeanie/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/terminaldosislight/src/TerminalDosis-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0413.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/gidugu/Gidugu-Regular.telugu.i
data/ofl/tulpenone/METADATA.json.i
data/averiagruesalibre/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/forum/Forum-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/gidugu/Gidugu-Regular.telugu.d
data/ofl/lobster/METADATA.json.i
data/apache/kranky/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/asap/Asap-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/muli/src/Muli-Light-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/volkhov/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_213.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-BoldItalic.greek-ext.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ledger/Ledger-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/jejuhallasan/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/andadasc/AndadaSC-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/molle/src/Molle-Regular.vfb.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tshe-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/gentium/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/mate/Mate-Italic.ttf.i
data/asul/Asul-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/ofl/keaniaone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/emblemaone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/stoke/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0424.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/zero.superior.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Regular.latin.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_044.i
data/ultra/src/Ultra-TTF.sfd.d
data/ultra/src/Ultra-TTF.sfd.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_203.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/dynalight/Dynalight-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/creepster/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ia-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/cook/OFL.txt.i
data/merriweather/Merriweather.ttf.i
data/fresca/src/Fresca-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/Cinzel-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-Condensed.menu.i
data/ofl/labelleaurore/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/alice/Alice-Regular.ttf.i
data/matesc/src/MateSC-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-LightItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE08D.glyph.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/allura/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/almendra/src/Almendra-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/Montserrat-Regular-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/stardosstencil/src/StardosStencil-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/bevan/src/VTT/BevanFLAB.ttx.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/strong/Strong-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/averiagruesalibre/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf.i
data/italiana/Italiana-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaticsc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBasic-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/calligraffiti/src/Calligraffiti-TTX.ttf.i
data/quantico/Quantico-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ropasans/src/RopaSans-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/cousine/Cousine-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/share/src/shareosf/src/Share-BoldOSF.ttf.i
data/allerta/newsrc/Allerta-Kit.ai.d
data/sancreek/Sancreek-Regular.menu.i
data/allerta/newsrc/Allerta-Kit.ai.i
data/ofl/habibi/Habibi-Regular.menu.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/dosis/src/Dosis-ExtraBold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/AdventPro-SemiBold.otf.i
data/ofl/combo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/Rambla-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/petrona/src/Petrona-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/w_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gheupturn-cy.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/src/OpenSansHebrew-Italic.glyphs.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/karlatamilinclined/src/KarlaUpright-PreVOLT.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/t_y.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/aftasansthin/AftaSansThin-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/skranji/Skranji-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/S_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ThinItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/calligraffitti/Calligraffitti-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/maguntia/Maguntia-Book-Latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/four.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/italiana/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif.i
data/playball/src/Playball-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/portlligatslab/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e-cy.glif.i
data/kronaone/KronaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/lora/Lora-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/LeckerliOne.latin.i
data/lora/Lora-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/monoton/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.ss01.glif.i
data/cousine/Cousine-BoldItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i-cy.glif.i
data/play/Play-Regular.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-MediumItalic.latin-ext.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-Medium.devanagari.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-Medium.devanagari.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/grandhotel/src/GrandHotel-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-LightItalic.menu.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni020C.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tshe-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ringcomb.glyph.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-CondLightItalic.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/noticiatext/METADATA.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/petitformalscript/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/belleza/src/Belleza-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/fondamento/OFL.txt.i
data/giveyouglory/GiveYouGlory.ttf.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/giveyouglory/GiveYouGlory.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasR.latin.i
data/bowlbyonesc/METADATA.i
data/hennypenny/src/HennyPenny-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/spicyrice/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_grave.glif.i
data/galdeano/Galdeano-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/megrim/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ropasans/src/RopaSans-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/o.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/nothingyoucoulddo/NothingYouCouldDo.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_5.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.cyrillic.d
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni006600660062.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/novaflat/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/mate/Mate-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownright.glif.i
data/ofl/scada/src/Scada-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/alike/METADATA.json.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/marcellus/Marcellus-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni020A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/londrinaoutline/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/goblinone/src/GoblinOne-TTF.sfd.d
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Italic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/kristi/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/apache/justanotherhand/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/src/Shojumaru-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/goblinone/src/GoblinOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_dotaccent.glif.i
data/designers/jasper_de_waard/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/macondoswashcaps/src/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/purplepurse/src/PurplePurse-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/LibreBaskerville-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/doppioone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_284.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_289.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/LifeSavers-Bold.vfb.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/creteround/CreteRound-Regular.menu.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/LifeSavers-Bold.vfb.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/apache/droidserifthai/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/iconic/src/move_horizontal.svg.i
data/ofl/marckscript/src/MarckScript-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Lower Case/sketch2961504.png.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c__uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/EBGaramond-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/overlock/src/Overlock-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/arrowboth.glif.i
data/play/menusubset.ff.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E9E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-LightItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/six.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-Regular.vfb.i
data/droidarabickufi/menusubset-kufi.ff.i
data/ofl/dangrek/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/numans/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/ptserifcaption/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Light.latin-ext.d
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/apache/droidserifthai/VERSION.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/thabit/src/cour/couri.pfa.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/geostar/src/GeostarFill-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/kristi/src/Kristi.sfd.i
data/kristi/src/Kristi.sfd.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_00b_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/euro.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/dosis/src/Dosis-ExtraLight-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/designers/sil_international/BIO.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/sarabun/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/miama/Miama-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/jejugothic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/leaguescript/LeagueScript.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/megrim/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/OTF/Montserrat-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/averiagruesalibre/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/andika/Andika-R.latin.ttf.nam.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/coustard/OFL.txt.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/dorsa/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/whitesquare.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/kantumruy/Kantumruy-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/five.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zhe-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/nine.osf.glif.i
data/aldrich/Aldrich-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/freckleface/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE024.glyph.i
data/ofl/monofett/src/Monofett.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/seaweedscript/SeaweedScript-Regular.latin.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/exo/src/Exo-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif.i
data/ofl/concertone/ConcertOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Medium.cyrillic-ext.i
data/apache/notosansegyptianhieroglyphs/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_d_.glif.i
data/charissil/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresisgrave_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/charissil/CharisSIL-Bold.ttf.i
data/apache/notosansmyanmar/NotoSansMyanmar-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ushort-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanM.otf.i
data/ofl/mysteryquest/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttx.i
data/ofl/codacaption/src/CodaCaption-Heavy-TTF.sfd.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanM.otf.d
data/yellowtail/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/Quicksand-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/unicaone/src/UnicaOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/blackopsone/BlackOpsOne.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/stintultraexpanded/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020e_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton_ik.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE081.glyph.i
data/apache/redressed/Redressed.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/stoke/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Extrabold.latin.ttf.nam.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_e_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/crushed/Crushed.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/mrdafoe/src/MrDafoe-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Regular.latin.i
data/misssaintdelafield-internal/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0490.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/alef/Alef-Bold.ttf.i
data/petrona/Petrona-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/portlligatsans/PortLligatSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/lilitaone/src/LilitaOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/irishgrowler/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/Sources/SOURCES.txt.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancoisshadow/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Medium.cyrillic.i
data/neuton/NeutonCursive-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/paytoneone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/creepster/src/Creepster-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/dosislight/DosisLight-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/creepster/src/Creepster-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/hanalei/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic-OTF.otf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/knewave/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/novaflat/src/NovaFlat.png.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/greatvibes/src/GreatVibes-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/bangers/Bangers.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/src/Nobile-MediumItalic.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/src/Nobile-MediumItalic.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ebreve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/baumans/src/Baumans-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/miama/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ha-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair-Display-Regular-description.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/nobile/src/nobile.ttx.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0429.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/bitter/Bitter-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Itilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/alef/src/Alef-Webfont/Alef-Regular.svg.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020D_.glif.i
data/apache/notosanskufiarabic/NotoSansKufiArabic-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/apache/notosanshebrew/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/bevan/src/VTT/BevanFLAB.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/C_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/src/Quantico-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/changaone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/Roboto-Condensed.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0456.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/suravaram/Suravaram-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/diplomatasc/DiplomataSC-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/src/LibreCaslonText-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/suravaram/Suravaram-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/lancelot/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.smcp.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Italic.ttf.d
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/slabo13px/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownleft.glif.i
data/ofl/mrdafoe/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/k_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/marvel/src/Marvel-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/mervalescript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTF75F_W.svg.i
data/crushed/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/originalsurfer/src/OriginalSurfer-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0405.glif.i
data/almendra/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_6_uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/f_f_y.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-DemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/engagement/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Medium.devanagari.d
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Aring.glyph.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Medium.devanagari.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0414.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_e_.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/WordDocs/Ezra Unicode Convert30.doc.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni0219.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/WordDocs/Ezra Unicode Convert30.doc.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.case.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/ofl/meddon/src/Meddon.sfd.i
data/ofl/nanumgothiccoding/README.i
data/ofl/meddon/src/Meddon.sfd.d
data/vt321/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/gentium/GentiumAlt-Regular.greek+latin,greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020e_.glif.i
data/ofl/marmelad/Marmelad-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/acme/Acme-Regular.menu.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/ofl/eatercaps/src/EaterCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni04C0_.glif.i
data/ribeye/md5sum.i
data/ofl/eatercaps/src/EaterCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/maidenorange/MaidenOrange.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0448.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/wellfleet/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/apache/nokora/Nokora-Regular.khmer.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/mrbedford/MrBedfort-Regular.latin.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_178.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/capriola/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_01.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/gudea/src/Gudea-test.ai.d
data/ofl/simonetta/Simonetta-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/gudea/src/Gudea-test.ai.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/jollylodger/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_0.glif.i
data/asap/src/Asap-Regular.otf.i
data/marckscript/OFL.txt.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/d_z.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/arvo/src/Arvo_TTX_naming/Arvo-Bold_v105.ttx.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/S_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_cedilla.glif.i
data/ptsans/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmr10/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_162.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/src/SourceCodePro-ExtraLight.otf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/codystar/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/goudybookletter1911/src/Makefile.am.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threeeighths.glif.i
data/volkhov/src/Volkhov-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Em-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/src/LibreBaskerville-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/AlegreyaSans-Thin.otf.i
data/apache/slackey/Slackey.ttf.i
data/loveyalikeasister/LoveYaLikeASister.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.dnom.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/miama/Miama.latin.i
data/ofl/numans/Numans-Regular.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_8.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/dosis/src/Dosis-SemiBold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/deliusswashcaps/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/squadaone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ge-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/EXTENSION.i
data/berkshireswash/BerkshireSwash-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.menu.d
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Regular-Latin.menu.i
data/prata/Prata-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/src/AlegreyaSansSC-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/thabit/src/README.arabic.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/apache/droidserifold/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/orbitron/Orbitron-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/x.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/codystar/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Lower Case/sketch29614503.png.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/w_.glif.i
data/spicyrice-internal/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.numr.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/basic/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/plaster/Plaster-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/overlocksc/src/OverlockSC-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/quoteleft.glyph.i
data/ofl/baligalang/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/deliusunicase/DeliusUnicase-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/R_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/seaweedscript/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/averialibre/AveriaLibre-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-SemiBoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Regular.greek.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/menusubset-ubuntumono.ff.i
data/ofl/laomuangdon/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/iconic/src/minus.svg.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/aftasansthin/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.case.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserifcaption/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/voces/Voces-Regular.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/apache/homemadeapple/HomemadeApple.latin.i
data/irishgrover/LICENSE.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/yen.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/PlayfairDisplay-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/PlayfairDisplay-Bold.otf.d
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/apache/notosansimperilaramaic/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni021a_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/u_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/tienne/Tienne-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/boogaloo/Boogaloo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ericaone/src/EricaOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.ss01.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/sedansc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTZ56F.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-MediumItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTZ56F.ttf.d
data/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic-Latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/clara/Clara-Regular.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/jsmath/jsMath-cmbx10.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/mysteryquest/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/chivo/src/Chivo-Black-Italic.vfb.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancoisshadow/JacquesFrancoisShadow-Regular.ttf.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_C_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/emptyset.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Light.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_macron.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Light.vietnamese.d
data/exo/src/Exo-Medium.otf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/chauphilomeneone/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTZ56F_W.eot.i
data/unifrakturmaguntia/src/generate.py.i
data/ofl/holtwoodonesc/src/HoltwoodOneSC.vfb.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTZ56F_W.eot.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00660068.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/bubblegumsans/src/BubblegumSans-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/eszett.glyph.i
data/ofl/kalam/Kalam-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/julee/src/Julee-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/kalam/Kalam-Regular.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni020D.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_0a_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Germandbls_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_4_uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/M_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif.i
data/ledger/Ledger-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cardo/Cardo-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/Cardo-Bold.menu.d
data/ofl/share/src/shareosf/src/Share-ItalicOSF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif.i
data/economica/src/Economica-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/hanuman/Hanumanb.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/samekh-hb.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_042.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/lindenhill/LindenHill-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-MediumItalic.vietnamese.i
data/simonetta/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/geo/Geo-Oblique.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinaoutline/src/LondrinaOutline-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/abrilfatface/AbrilFatface-Regular.menu.i
data/designers/ben_weiner/BIO.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01C7_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/ropasans/src/RopaSans-Regular.otf.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Regular.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.osf.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/rosarivo/src/Rosarivo-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hacek.case.glif.i
data/ultra/src/Ultra.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/jollylodger/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/grandhotel/GrandHotel-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni020b_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/grandhotel/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/viga/Viga-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/adamina/OFL.txt.i
data/lato/Lato-HairlineItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042A_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/play/Play-Bold.ttf.i
data/droidarabicnaskh/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/src/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/macondo/src/Macondo-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-ExtraLightItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/egrave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.glyphs.i
data/emblemaone/src/EmblemaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/almendra/src/Almendra-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/londrinasketch/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/almendrasc/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/inder/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.glyphs.i
data/charissil/CharisSIL-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/arbutusslab/src/ArbutusSlab-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/deliusswashcaps/METADATA.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/syncopate/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_183.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/lilyscriptone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ezrasil/src/Keyman/EZRAUNI24.kvk.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Black.menu.i
data/ofl/poetsenone/src/PoetsenOne-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/londrinasketch/LondrinaSketch-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/inika/Inika-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/overtherainbow/OvertheRainbow.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/lacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/l.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/shcha-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/fontdinerswanky/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Bold.greek.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/dosis/Dosis-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/rumraisin/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/princesssofia/PrincessSofia-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.greek-ext.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/cookie/src/Cookie-Regular.otf.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBasic-Italic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet-TTF.sfd.i
data/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.case.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/tools/lint/lib/gson-2.2.2.jar.i
data/apache/maidenorange/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/tools/lint/lib/gson-2.2.2.jar.d
data/nunito/src/Nunito-Bold.vfb.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Nacute.glyph.i
data/alice/Alice-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/src/Quattrocento-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/drsugiyama/DrSugiyama-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/ofl/italianno/Italianno-Regular.ttf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni272e_.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeyemarrow/src/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/alikeangular/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/notoseriflao/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/ofl/glassantiqua/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ccircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/src/Shojumaru-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/trochut/Trochut-Italic-hinted.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/gafata/src/Gafata-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.korean.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/SeoulHangangCondensed-BoldL.korean.d
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/cherrycreamsoda/md5sum.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2105.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif.i
data/trochut/src/Trochut-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni040D_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/holtwood/METADATA.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fl.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/stoke/src/Stoke-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ExtraBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/muli/Muli-Light.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/stintultracondensed/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/LeckerliOne.ttf.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/apache/tinos/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/novamono/menusubset.ff.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/signika/src/Signika-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ubreve.glyph.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/passeroone/PasseroOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/lilitaone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/five.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10044.glif.i
data/ofl/plaster/METADATA.json.i
data/exo/src/Exo-SemiBold.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_tilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/autourone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_230.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasBI.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oflsortsmillgoudytt/OFLGoudyStMTT.latin.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-Regular.cyrillic.d
data/merriweather/Merriweather-Bold.ttf.i
data/apache/notosansgurmukhi/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/nomina/src/Nomina-Light.otf.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/y.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/felipa/Felipa-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.smcp.glif.i
data/cedarvillecursive/OFL.txt.i
data/julee/Julee-Regular.ttf.i
data/felltypes/IMFeDPit28P.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/gochihand/src/GochiHand-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/felltypes/IMFeDPit28P.ttf.d
data/ofl/jura/Jura-DemiBold.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/ptmono/PTM55FT.menu.i
data/exo/src/Exo-Light-TTF.sfd.d
data/exo/src/Exo-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/coustard/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ij.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/v_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/thabit/src/cour/cour.pfa.i
data/ovo/OFL.txt.i
data/ubuntu/src/CacheTT/ubuntu-tables.cfg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/stintultraexpanded/md5sum.i
data/ofl/arvo/Arvo-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/rufina/src/Rufina-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/spicyrice/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.greek-ext+latin.log.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/andika/sources/graphite/pitches.gdh.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0456.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.greek.d
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.greek.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniFB01_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/inika/Inika-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/poly/Poly-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/raleway/src/Raleway-Thin.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancoisshadow/src/JacquesFrancoisShadow-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/chauphilomeneone/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/didactgothic/md5sum.i
data/shanti/src/Shanti-Regular.vfb.i
data/apache/kranky/Kranky.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/gurajada/Gurajada-Regular.telugu.d
data/ofl/gurajada/Gurajada-Regular.telugu.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Thin.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/myanmarsanspro/MyanmarSansPro-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/tauri/src/Tauri-Regular.vfb.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/src/VTT/UbuntuMono-RI-hinting.ttf.i
data/average/src/Average-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/ruda/Ruda-Regular.menu.i
data/germaniaone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/src/VTT/UbuntuMono-RI-hinting.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/K_commaaccent.glif.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Bold.greek.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Bold.ttf.d
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/abel/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/scircumflex.swash.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BlackItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_1F_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/judson/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/tuffy/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/ofl/faunaone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/designers/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0423.glif.i
data/ofl/qwigley/OFL.txt.i
data/lindenhill/LindenHill-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B0_.glif.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/src/tart_logo.jpg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/balthazar/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/j_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/atilde.ss01.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0000.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/E_dotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Italic.vfb.d
data/ofl/flamenco/Flamenco-Regular.menu.i
data/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0000.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Medium.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/asap/Asap-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-Bold.greek-ext+latin.i
data/didactgothic/DidactGothic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Italic.ttf.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Italic.ttf.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/J_circumflex.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Bold.latin-ext.ttf.nam.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_9.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/specialelite/SpecialElite.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/stalemate/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/vietnamese+latin.nam.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/ofl/tienne/Tienne-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.ss01.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_234.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Black.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/tienne/src/Tienne-Heavy.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/tradewinds/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/rugeboogie/RugeBoogie-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Thin-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/GenBasI.latin.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/EARLY_ACCESS.html.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Light.latin.i
data/droid/DroidSerif.ttf.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-LightItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/concertone/src/ConcertOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/pacifico/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/WordDocs/Ezra Unicode Install2.5v19.doc.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/WordDocs/Ezra Unicode Install2.5v19.doc.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/commaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/aldrich/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/overlock/Overlock-Regular.menu.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/CONTRIBUTING.txt.i
data/apache/opensans/src/OpenSans_features.pdf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/bulletoperator.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/enriqueta/src/Enriqueta-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/src/OpenSans_features.pdf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/qwigley/Qwigley-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni2113.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/lancelot/Lancelot-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/petrona/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00B3_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/purplepurse/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/amethysta/src/Amethysta-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/clickerscript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Bold.latin.ttf.nam.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/aladin/src/Aladin-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/ofl/condiment/src/Condiment-Regular.otf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/fugazone/src/FugazOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/wellfleet/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/alegreya/Alegreya-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020e_.glif.i
data/ofl/arapey/src/Arapey-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/puritan/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/apache/irishgrover/IrishGrover.latin.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/DancingScript-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-BlackItalic.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/deliusswashcaps/src/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/actor/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/J_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni278d_.glif.i
data/deliusswashcaps/src/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i-cy.glif.i
data/greatvibes/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Bold.greek.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/hbar.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.smcp.glif.i
data/marmelad/METADATA.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/redactedscript/RedactedScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/o_e_.glif.i
data/ofl/cevicheone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif.i
data/labelleaurore/src/LaBelleAurore.vfb.i
data/apache/notosansglagolitic/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/strong/Strong-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/beh.i
data/ofl/monacal/Monacal-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/hacek.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/unlock/Unlock-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0210.glif.i
data/codystar/md5sum.i
data/ofl/skranji/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Medium.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/chelseamarket/src/ChelseaMarket-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/zero.osf.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-LightItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/d_elta.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_j_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/loveyalikeasister/src/LoveYaLikeASister.vfb.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/five.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/fredokaone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/u.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/averialibre/AveriaLibre-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bayon/Bayon.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divisionslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/dawningofanewday/DawningofaNewDay.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-ExtraBoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif.i
data/chewy/METADATA.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_6B_.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Cursive.menu.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/apache/redressed/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Light.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/gidugu/Gidugu-Regular.ttf.d
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/gidugu/Gidugu-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/alfaslabone/AlfaSlabOne-Regular.latin.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/iconic/src/cog_alt.svg.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/euphoriascript/EuphoriaScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/rancho/Rancho-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/federant/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/seven.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/src/nobile_medium_italic.ttx.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/src/DancingScript-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/wellfleet/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Black.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/jockeyone/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/c_dotaccent.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/grandhotel/src/GrandHotel-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thinspace.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif.i
data/ofl/shadowsintolight/ShadowsIntoLight.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_4.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/tagoni/Tagoni-Italic.menu.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2009.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/passionone/src/PassionOne-Black-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif.i
data/italiana/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/abeezee/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/niconne/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.lf.glif.i
data/iconic/src/loop_alt2.svg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/pe-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9e_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Bold.menu.i
data/economica/src/Economica-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/fjordone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/laosanspro/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/radley/src/test-regular.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/f_f_t.glyph.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9b_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/apache/nokora/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/smokum/Smokum-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/federo/src/Federo-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/arapey/METADATA.orig.i
data/justmeagaindownhere/src/JustMeAgainDownHere.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/andika/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/fresca/Fresca-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.case.glif.i
data/qwigley/Qwigley-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/latin.enc.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E1F_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ralewaydots/src/RalewayDots-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/cardo/Cardo98s.menu2.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Light.latin.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/balthazar/src/Balthazar-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/graduate/src/Graduate-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/average/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/at3.plate.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/jsmathcmti10/jsMath-cmti10.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/question.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/sourceserifpro/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04C0_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0422.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0306.glif.i
data/ofl/courgette/src/Courgette-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/coustard/src/Coustard-Black-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.latin.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni020e_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/Alegreya Sans - Italic.glyphs.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/alikeangular/src/AlikeAngular-Regular.otf.i
data/almendra/Almendra-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf.d
data/ofl/miltonian/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/goblinone/src/GoblinOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/terminaldosis/Dosis-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/asset/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/bowlbyone/BowlbyOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.smcp.glif.i
data/designers/open_window/profile.jpg.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-BoldItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/test-suite/res.txt.i
data/ofl/ewert/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_047.i
data/apache/opensans/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/gentiumplus/src/GentiumPlus-Italic-anchors.xml.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni041B_.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/belgrano/src/Belgrano-Regular-OTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/eight.sups.glif.i
data/belgrano/src/Belgrano-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.menu.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/coda/src/Coda-Heavy-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Obreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/teko/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/lohitbengali/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/wallpoet/Wallpoet-Regular.menu.i
data/alice/src/Alice-Regular.otf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/amethysta/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/apache/droidsansethiopic/DroidSansEthiopic-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/unna/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/apache/notoserifarmenian/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/quando/src/Quando-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/istok/src/TODO.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.case.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/aubrey/src/Aubrey-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/PontanoSans-Regular.latin.i
data/lora/src/Lora-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/NULL_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE056.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/lora/src/Lora-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Germandbls_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/Nobile-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/four.subs.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/sevillana/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/paytoneone/PaytoneOne.menu.i
data/ofl/nanumgothic/README.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/hyphen-alpha.plate.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/odotaccent.glyph.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-devanagari+latin.txt.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_00e_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/udieresiscaron.glif.i
data/bokor/METADATA.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Black-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/cookie/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/tools/lint/lib/guice-multibindings-3.0.jar.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_E_.glif.i
data/crushed/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/src/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-LightItalic-otf.sfd.i
data/iceland/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/vastshadow/src/VastShadow-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/vastshadow/src/VastShadow-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/OTF/Raleway-Thin-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/ruthie/Ruthie-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/ofl/butchermancaps/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/gochihand/OFL.txt.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/De-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/gorditas/METADATA.json.i
data/marvel/src/Marvel-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_219.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-ExtraLightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/bubblerone/src/BubblerOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/novaround/NovaRound.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.greek.d
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Light.sfd.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Light.sfd.d
data/averiaserifgwf/AveriaSerifGWF-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/miniver/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.ss01.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/DZ_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/currency.smcp.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/economica/md5sum.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_macron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Scircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/spicyrice/src/SpicyRice-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Icaron_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tav-hb.glif.i
data/ofl/trykker/Trykker-Regular.latin.i
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/blackopsone/src/BlackOpsOne-Regular.otf.i
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Semibold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Semibold.ttf.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Thin.latin.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni009d_.glif.i
data/ofl/alefhebrew/src/Alef-Webfont/specimen_files/grid_12-825-55-15.css.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_211.i
data/anticdidone/AnticDidone-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_8d_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni20B9_.smcp.glif.i
data/ezra/src/WordDocs/Ezra Unicode Install2.5v19.doc.d
data/averiagruesagwf/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/audiowide/Audiowide-Regular.latin.i
data/ezra/src/WordDocs/Ezra Unicode Install2.5v19.doc.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/emptyset.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/newGlyph_.003.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/macondo/Macondo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/jokal/METADATA.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/i.loclTRK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_181.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/tools/menusubset/menu.cyrillic+greek.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/Inconsesi-Italic.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/one.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/ofl/redacted/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/euphoriascript/src/EuphoriaScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/juliussansone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/euphoriascript/src/EuphoriaScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/enriqueta/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ccircumflex_.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/Ezra Unicode Install2.5.pdf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_A_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/GenBasBI.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-LightItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/lekton/src/Lekton-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/foursuperior.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01F3_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Regular.latin.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/corben/Corben-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.ss01.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-CaptionBold.menu.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-Black-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Q_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/domine/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/DancingScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-BoldItalic.latin.d
data/pecita/Pecita.ttf.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_e_.glif.i
data/pecita/Pecita.ttf.i
data/ofl/share/src/shareexp/src/Share-RegularExp.ttf.i
data/ofl/labelleaurore/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/apache/notonastaliqurdudraft/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-OTF/Raleway-SemiBold-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/hermeneusone/HermeneusOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/londrinasketch/LondrinaSketch-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Black.vfb.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/jimnightshade/src/JimNightshade-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/righteous/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/wireone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/antonioold/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cardo/src/Manual104s.pdf.d
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/src/Manual104s.pdf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/nobile/src/nobile_bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F1_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/alegreya/Alegreya-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/src/SourceSansProReadMe.html.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/three.superior.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/spirax/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/SeoulHangangL.otf.d
data/ofl/mysteryquest/src/MysteryQuest-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/SeoulHangangL.otf.i
data/ofl/lato/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cousine/Cousine-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/ofl/carterone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/mysteryquest/MysteryQuest-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/apache/notosansthaiui/NotoSansThaiUI-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/expletussans/src/ExpletusSans.pdf.i
data/ofl/expletussans/src/ExpletusSans.pdf.d
data/londrinaoutline/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/cabin/src/Cabin-Regular-MM.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0459.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/aacute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni020D_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/dotaccent.liga.glyph.i
data/nokora/md5sum.i
data/ofl/jollylodger/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-CaptionBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-BlackItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-CaptionBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/loveyalikeasister/LoveYaLikeASister.ttf.i
data/ofl/sharetech/src/ShareTech-Regularo-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/tagoni/Tagoni-Bold.latin.i
data/condiment/OFL.txt.i
data/syncopate/Syncopate-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/milonga/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/breeserif/src/BreeSerif-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.log.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_172.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/averiaserifgwf/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_A_.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/Tuffy-Regular.ttf.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Thin.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_breve.glif.i
data/apache/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Regular-TTF.vfb.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/muli/src/Muli-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/chango/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Rcaron.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_t.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/apache/redressed/src/Redressed.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/vidaloka/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/neuton/src/NeutonCursive-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/C_acute.glif.i
data/designers/alexandra_korolkova/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/almendra/src/Almendra-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Bold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/karlatamilinclined/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf.i
data/ruthie/Ruthie-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/kalam/Kalam-Light.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Medium-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/knewave/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ewert/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/petrona/src/Petrona-Specimen-2011-10-15-eng.jpg.d
data/ofl/capriola/OFL.txt.i
data/unifrakturcook/UnifrakturCook-Bold-Latin.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/fraction.glyph.i
data/ofl/petrona/src/Petrona-Specimen-2011-10-15-eng.jpg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/ofl/sharetechmono/src/ShareTechMono-Regular.vfbak.i
data/ofl/capriola/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/aftaserifthin/src/AftaSerifThin-Regular.otf.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/russoone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/mate/src/mate-google.jpg.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasBI.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dzhe-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Light.devanagari.d
data/ofl/rationale/Rationale-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/fjallaone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/rosario/Rosario-Regular.menu.i
data/voces/src/Voces-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/playball/METADATA.json.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.latin.d
data/adventpro/AdventPro-Thin.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_c_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/bitter/Bitter-Italic.menu.i
data/gentium/GentiumAlt-Regular.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ptmono/PTM55FT.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ruslandisplay/src/RuslanDisplay.vfb.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/degree.glyph.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/firamono/FiraMono-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Black-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Regular.greek-ext+latin.log.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_41.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ij.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/notosanslisu/NotoSansLisu-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/debian/copyright.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/purplepurse/PurplePurse-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Thin.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/metal/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/newGlyph_.005.glif.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0093.glif.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/trocchi/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d_.glif.i
data/lemon/Lemon-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/src/GFSNeohellenicBoldIt.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/whitesquare.case.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Obreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/lohitdevanagari/Lohit-Devanagari.devanagari.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/designers/ben_weiner/portrait.jpg.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/sortsmillgoudy-old/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/quando/src/Quando-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif.i
data/ofl/strong/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/p.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/nine.numr.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/apache/notosanssymbols/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_e_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/w_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/SeoulHangangEB.otf.i
data/apache/craftygirls/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/quantico/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/SeoulHangangEB.otf.d
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/frijole/src/Frijole-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/frijole/src/Frijole-Regular-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/shojumaru/src/Shojumaru-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/Inconsesi-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/NULL_.glif.i
data/ofl/sigmarone/src/SigmarOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/sigmarone/src/SigmarOne-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/sancreek/Sancreek-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/macondoswashcaps/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Black.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/anticslab/AnticSlab-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramondSC_kern.fea.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ezra/src/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Fontlab/Truetype/Playfair display italic TT FL HANDHINT 48.vfb.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_181.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.osf.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni02C9_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/anton/Anton.latin.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/galdeano/METADATA.i
data/bonbon/md5sum.i
data/ofl/didactgothic/src/DidactGothic.otf.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-SemiboldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Wstroke.glyph.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/abreve.glyph.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uniFB04_.glif.i
data/lancelot/src/Lancelot-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/src/AlegreyaSansSC-ThinItalic.otf.i
data/devonshire/Devonshire-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_8.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/ofl/abrilfatface/AbrilFatface-Regular.latin.i
data/almendrasc/AlmendraSC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/c_.glif.i
data/shojumaru/src/Shojumaru-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/fanwoodtext/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/monsieurladoulaise/md5sum.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/u-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/zhe-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ruslanone/src/Ruslan-One.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.smcp.glif.i
data/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidotBoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_4.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/test-suite/kyu_regression.htxt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Light.ttf.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/md5sum.i
data/ofl/purplepurse/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni030F_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif.i
data/ofl/marckscript/MarckScript-Regular.latin.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_049.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dblgravecmb.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/sha-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/rosario/Rosario-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0456.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0200.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/share/Share-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/bokor/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/iconic/src/new_window.svg.i
data/neucha/Neucha.cyrillic+latin.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Light.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Hairline.greek-ext.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-DemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/src/menusubset-pfdsc.ff.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-DemiBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/kristi/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/lustria/METADATA.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/voces/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/eight.dnom.glif.i
data/kaffeesatz/METADATA.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_4.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/k.util.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/misssaintdelafield/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10050.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/poly/Poly-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_b.liga.glif.i
data/gentium/src/sources/GentiumDesignSource.vfb.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0215.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/gentium/src/sources/GentiumDesignSource.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/tools/lint/src/com/google/lint/common/FontMetadata.java.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/LibreCaslonText-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.latin.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/src/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/titanone/src/TitanOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/alexbrush/AlexBrush-Regular.menu.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinasketch/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_k.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/kristi/src/Kristi.sfd.d
data/novamono/METADATA.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Light.greek-ext.i
data/apache/clarosans/LICENSE.txt.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Cursive.latin.log.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/buenard/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/prostoone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/EncodeSansCompressed-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/andadasc/src/AndadaSC-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0490.glif.i
data/waitingforthesunrise/src/WaitingfortheSunrise.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/waitingforthesunrise/src/WaitingfortheSunrise.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/patrickhandsc/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE02C.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/archivoblack/src/ArchivoBlack-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.case.glif.i
data/ofl/akronim/OFL.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/gentium/Gentium-Italic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Regular-Latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_60.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/actor/src/Actor-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/atilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeye/src/RibeyeMarrow.ai.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/chicle/src/Chicle-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/ribeye/src/RibeyeMarrow.ai.d
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/peralta/Peralta-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/tienne/src/Tienne-Heavy-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/questrial/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0413.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.case.glif.i
data/pompiere/src/Pompiere-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/buenard/Buenard-Regularo.latin-ext.i
data/reeniebeanie/src/Desktop.ini.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ezra/src/VOLT/SILEOT24Aug07.vtp.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/kreon/src/Kreon-test_docs.pdf.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.vietnamese.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10081.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/amiri/Amiri-BoldSlanted.ttf.d
data/lindenhill/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/creteround/CreteRound-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/amiri/Amiri-BoldSlanted.ttf.i
data/yesevaone/src/YesevaOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/iconic/src/link.svg.i
data/yesevaone/src/YesevaOne-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/En-cy_.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/OpenSansHebrew-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ropasans/src/RopaSans-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/ofl/greatvibes/GreatVibes-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_61.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/two.uppertab.glyph.i
data/stardosstencil/StardosStencil-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/forum/Forum-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ptserif/src/PTZ55F_W.eot.d
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Regular.menu.i
data/ptserif/src/PTZ55F_W.eot.i
data/terminaldosislight/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/tenorsans/md5sum.i
data/eater/Eater-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ropasans/RopaSans-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/src/Jura-DemiBold.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/sharetech/src/ShareTechMono-Regularo-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/badscript/src/BadScript-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/moul/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020C_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/Dhyana-Regular.lao.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_176.i
data/ofl/myanmarsanspro/src/MyanmarSansPro_volt.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni25c_c_.glif.i
data/ofl/shadowsintolighttwo/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/f_f_j.glyph.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/newscycle/src/NewsCycle-Regular-ik.fea.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/nbspace.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/ofl/meiescript/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif.i
data/ofl/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansthai/NotoSansThai-Bold.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2113.glif.i
data/ofl/arbutusslab/ArbutusSlab-Regular.latin.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/endash.case.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/ofl/quintessential/METADATA.json.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/stoke/OFL.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_D.glyph.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/dagger.plate.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/d_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/galdeano/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/newscycle/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/newscycle/NewsCycle-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/bilbo/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/g_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/dhyana/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/vollkorn/Vollkorn-Regular.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/coveredbyyourgrace/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/gelasio/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/src/LondrinaShadow-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/cherrycreamsoda/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HairlineItalic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/electrolize/Electrolize-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/src/LondrinaShadow-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowboth.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_00e_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Book-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/ropasans/src/RopaSans-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/R_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/features.fea.i
data/copse/src/Copse-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/iceberg/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/METADATA.json.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ptserif/METADATA.i
data/copse/src/Copse-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/suwannaphum/Suwannaphum.khmer.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/alfaslabone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasBI.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/R_caron.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_th.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/LifeSavers-Regular-OT.vfb.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/istokweb/IstokWeb-Regular.menu.i
data/miniver/md5sum.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/mervalescript/src/MervaleScript-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/atomicage/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/g.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE021.glyph.i
data/unlock/OFL.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0490.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/u-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/emdash.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-BlackItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/nomina/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/quicksand/Quicksand-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni030f_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_9.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Amacron.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif.i
data/creepster/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/LondrinaShadow-Regular.menu.i
data/newscycle/NewsCycle-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/R_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/imprima/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ereversed-cy_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/puritan/Puritan-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/yesteryear/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Italic.ttf.d
data/aubrey/Aubrey-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/londrinasketch/src/LondrinaSketch-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_0.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/codacaption/src/Coda-Caption-Heavy.vfb.i
data/designers/victor_gaultney/portrait.jpg.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/mousememoirs/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownleft.glif.i
data/noticiatext/NoticiaText-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/allerta/newsrc/Allerta-Stencil.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/petrona/src/Petrona-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/chivo/src/Chivo-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/loveyalikeasister/OFL.txt.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_6B_.glif.i
data/ofl/varelaround/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Encoding/FTH_Playfair.xlsx.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Light.devanagari.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Light.devanagari.d
data/ofl/tauri/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/kottaone/KottaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/flavors/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/five.dnom.glif.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-BoldItalic.greek+latin.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/fjordone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/yesteryear/src/Yesteryear-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/lekton/Lekton-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/enriqueta/Enriqueta-Bold.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/judson/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/src/SourceCodePro-Medium.otf.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/AEacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/lohittamil/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/c_circumflex.glif.i
data/apache/unkempt/Unkempt-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/cagliostro/METADATA.json.i
data/spinnaker/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Light.vietnamese.i
data/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/andika/Andika-BasicRegular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/apache/maidenorange/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/one.uppertab.glyph.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-ExtraBold.otf.i
data/arapey/src/Arapey-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/sourceserifpro/SourceSerifPro-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/hanuman/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancois/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_02.glif.i
data/ofl/scada/src/Scada-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/blacksquare.smcp.glif.i
data/iconic/src/volume_mute.svg.i
data/coda/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.latin.i
data/didactgothic/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/arrowup.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/macondo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/fasterone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/seaweedscript/src/SeaweedScript-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uniF6D6.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/molle/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/n.util.glif.i
data/arvo/Arvo-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/prociono/Prociono-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_00.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F2_.glif.i
data/ofl/playball/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Light.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/amarante/METADATA.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/bilbo/src/Bilbo-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oleoscriptswashcaps/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/greatvibes/GreatVibes-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/s_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Bold.latin.i
data/kranky/METADATA.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Italic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/section.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/a.plate.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020c_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h_bar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/apache/syncopate/Syncopate-Bold.latin.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/alef/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/newscycle/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/trochut/src/Trochut-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ffl.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/flamenco/OFL.txt.i
data/shanti/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/overtherainbow/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020c_.glif.i
data/diplomatasc/DiplomataSC-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/play/Play-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oldenburg/Oldenburg-Regular.latin.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/md5sum.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/alfaslabone/AlfaSlabOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/nobile/src/nobile.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/caladea/Caladea-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/courgette/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-ThinItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-ThinItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Oneroman.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.case.glif.i
data/orbitron/Orbitron-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/philosopher/Philosopher-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/crimson/src/tools/sups.py.i
data/passeroone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uniFB02_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/patuaone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/glassantiqua/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/wireone/WireOne.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/zero.sups.glif.i
data/ofl/abeezee/ABeeZee-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Symbols/sketch29622512.png.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7_uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/apache/sunshiney/LICENSE.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_th.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/istok/Istok-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/BenchNine-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/agrave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/oneeighth.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Thin.menu.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/unicaone/UnicaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/droidsansjapanese/DroidSansJapanese.ttf.i
data/apache/droidsansjapanese/DroidSansJapanese.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif.i
data/galdeano/Galdeano-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/holtwoodonesc/src/HoltwoodOneSC.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/geo/Geo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/stoke/Stoke-Regular.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/codacaption/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.menu.i
data/astloch/METADATA.i
data/alice/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/kdamthmor/KdamThmor-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_caron.glif.i
data/apache/rochester/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.korean.d
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.korean.i
data/crimson/src/README.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/overscore.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/metamorphous/Metamorphous-Regular.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/devonshire/src/Devonshire-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/faunaone/src/FaunaOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.glif.i
data/reeniebeanie/md5sum.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Nslash.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/unlock/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-latin-ext-pure.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/play/md5sum.i
data/bilbo/md5sum.i
data/mrdehaviland/METADATA.i
data/ofl/cherryswash/CherrySwash-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/sofia/Sofia-Regular.menu.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/Inconsolata.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/passionone/src/PassionOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_1_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/autourone/AutourOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_108.i
data/ofl/laosanspro/LaoSansPro-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/parisienne/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/kra.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/nobile_bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif.i
data/nunito/src/Nunito-Regular_pre_hint.vfb.i
data/apache/droidsansethiopic/DroidSansEthiopic-Regular.ethiopic.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/apache/kranky/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/nosifer/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_5.glif.i
data/ofl/audiowide/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/raleway/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/LifeSavers-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/LifeSavers-Regular-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/averagesans/src/AverageSans-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Italic-TTF.vfb.d
data/tools/encodings/namelist.py.i
data/telex/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/snowburstone/SnowburstOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/nine.sups.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_tilde.glif.i
data/iconic/src/calendar.svg.i
data/kellyslab/KellySlab-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ubreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ramabhadra/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/dawningofanewday/src/DawningofaNewDay.otf.i
data/ofl/macondo/Macondo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.subs.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownright.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cuprum/src/Cuprum-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif.i
data/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/passeroone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oxygen/Oxygen-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.glif.i
data/ofl/jomolhari/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Thin-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_186.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/homenaje/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/mrssaintdelafield/src/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_b.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/Cardo-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/salsa/Salsa-Regular.menu.i
data/bilboswashcaps/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/sources/EzraSILSR-Regular-designsource.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/nobile/src/Nobile-italic.sfd.i
data/nobile/src/Nobile-italic.sfd.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/anahitarmenian/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyone/BowlbyOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/romanesco/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/medulaone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/belleza/src/Belleza-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-MediumItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/kiteone/src/KiteOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/stintultraexpanded/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/imfelldwpica/IMFePIrm28P.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/InknutAntiqua-Light.latin.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/lilitaone/src/LilitaOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/codacaption/CodaCaption-Heavy.menu.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Black.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/concertone/OFL.txt.i
data/coustard/src/Coustard-Heavy.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.sfd.i
data/designers/claus_eggers_sorenson/BIO.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/asap/src/Asap-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/notosansui/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/portlligatsans/PortLligatSans-Regular.latin.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_056.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cuprum/Cuprum-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_240.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/breve.case.glif.i
data/holtwoodheavy/METADATA.i
data/ofl/smythe/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Fiveroman.glyph.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/tulpenone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/ampersand.plate.i
data/ofl/chivo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/almendra/src/Almendra-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/rugeboogie/RugeBoogie-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/armata/Armata-Regular.latin.i
data/plaster/Plaster-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/underdog/Underdog-Regular.latin.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Medium.latin.i
data/federant/src/Federant-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/OFL 2.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/Inconsolata-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/orienta/src/Orienta-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/twothirds.glif.i
data/ofl/karla/Karla-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/puritan/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/ewert/Ewert-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/odormeanchey/OdorMeanChey.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020A_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Oslashacute.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/volkhov/src/Volkhov-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/bilbo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/hanuman/Hanuman.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Cursive.latin-ext.ttf.nam.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.menu.d
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/tillana/Tillana-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/tillana/Tillana-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0456.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020A_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Light.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/englebert/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.001.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/gelasio/Gelasio-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.glif.i
data/ofl/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Bold.otf.i
data/overlock/src/Overlock-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0412.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/andika/Andika-R.latin.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_03.glif.i
data/buenard/Buenard-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/istok/src/ChangeLog.txt.i
data/gochihand/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_7.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_1.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/codystar/Codystar-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-DemiBold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/arrowleft.glif.i
data/ofl/lobster/src/Lobster-Regular-drawing-source.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/walterturncoat/WalterTurncoat.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.smcp.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_5.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/marcellus/src/Marcellus-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/ropasans/src/RopaSans-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_41.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_183.i
data/rosario/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/PontanoSans-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/molengo/Molengo.menu2.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni278a_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/foundryicon.glif.i
data/ofl/gildadisplay/src/GildaDisplay-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_00c_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni0215.glif.i
data/ofl/audiowide/src/Audiowide-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-MediumItalic.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ericaone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/karla/src/Karla-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/bilbo/Bilbo-Regular.ttf.i
data/istokweb/src/IstokWeb-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/istokweb/src/IstokWeb-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresiscaron_.glif.i
data/cousine/src/Cousine-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9d_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_064.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans_features.pdf.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/latin.nam.i
data/opensans/OpenSans_features.pdf.d
data/ofl/parisienne/Parisienne-Regular.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/abel/src/Abel-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/uni2113.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Udieresisacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/seaweedscript/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/overlock/src/Overlock-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/holtwoodone/src/Holtwood.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/kadwa/Kadwa-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.ss01.glif.i
data/voces/src/Voces-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/gloriahallelujah/GloriaHallelujah.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/greatvibes/src/GreatVibes-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/signika/Signika-Semibold.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/apache/notosansoldturkic/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/basic/Basic-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/karlatamilinclined/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/shortstack/ShortStack-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/andada/src/Andada-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_57.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/chelseamarket/ChelseaMarket-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/coda/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/passeroone/src/PasseroOne-Regular.otf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/herrvonmuellerhoff/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0215.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/nanumgothic/NanumGothic-Regular.menu.i
data/lobster/src/Lobster-Cyrillic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/arizonia/src/Arizonia-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/lobster/src/Lobster-Cyrillic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ae.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.numr.glif.i
data/numans/md5sum.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/OTF/Raleway-Bold-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/AlmendraSC-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/anticdidone/AnticDidone-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/dosis/Dosis-Regular.ttf.i
data/chauphilomeneone/src/ChauPhilomeneOne-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/apache/notosanslaoui/NotoSansLaoUI-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif.i
data/tienne/src/Tienne-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Symbols/sketch29622385.png.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/averiagruesalibre/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/sirinstencil/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/lilyscript/src/LilyScriptOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/passeroone/PasseroOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/radley/Radley-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/carroisgothicsc/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.latin.i
data/nobile/Nobile-bold-italic002.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uring.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/slabo13px/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/grave.smcp.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/inika/Inika-Bold.menu.i
data/cabin/src/Cabin-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/notosanscham/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/ropasans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE03C.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/pompiere/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/capriola/src/Capriola-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/unna/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/cabinsketch/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/en-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/copse/src/Copse-Regular-TTF.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/rumraisin/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.osf.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/goudybookletter1911/src/GoudyBookletter1911-TTF.sfd.d
data/josefinsans/JosefinSans-SemiBoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/orbitron/Orbitron-Medium.latin.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/leaguescript/src/LeagueScript.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/combo/Combo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/scommaaccent.glyph.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0091.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ebreve.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/shanti/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/share/src/shareosf/src/Share-RegularOSF.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntucondensed/METADATA.json.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/laomuangkhong/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/signika/src/Signika-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/Roboto-Condensed.cyrillic+latin.i
data/apache/montez/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/plaster/src/Plaster-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/yesevaone/YesevaOne.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinasolid/src/LondrinaSolid-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/jura/METADATA.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/creepster/Creepster-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/frederickathegreat/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-Light.menu.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/oleoscript/OleoScript-Regular.menu.i
data/russoone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.menu.i
data/karla/src/Karla-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/felipa/Felipa-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/pressstart2p/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/poiretone/PoiretOne-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/philosopher/src/Philosopher-Italic-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/josefin/md5sum.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/sail/Sail-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oldstandardtt/OldStandard-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/portersansblock/PorterSansBlock-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/parisienne/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/germaniaone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/apache/droidsans/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/bp.util.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/judson/src/Judson-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Tenroman.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/ofl/carroisgothic/orig/CarroisGothic-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/Quicksand-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/padauk/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/allerta/AllertaStencil-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/eight.subs.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/apache/notosansbengali/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0214.glif.i
data/passeroone/src/PasseroOne-Regular.vfb.d
data/opensans/OpenSans-Semibold.latin-ext.i
data/passeroone/src/PasseroOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/ruluko/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/jotione/METADATA.json.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/OpenSans-CondBold.greek.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/nanumgothic/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/apache/syncopate/Syncopate-Regular.menu.i
data/nanumgothic/NanumGothic-Bold.ttf.d
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/scada/Scada-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/src/GFSNeohellenicBold.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/aldrich/src/Aldrich-Regular.vfb.i
data/macondo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenicItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/adamina/src/Adamina-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/creteround/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/otilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/bokor/Bokor.khmer.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/zero.lf.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_G.plate.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/arvo/src/Arvo_TTX_naming/Arvo-Italic_v104.ttx.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/atilde.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/boogaloo/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/delius/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellenglishsc/IMFeENsc28P.latin.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_smallcaps.fea.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020b_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/capriola/Capriola-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_6.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/mobile/SeoulNamsanB.ttf.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/mobile/SeoulNamsanB.ttf.d
data/ofl/unicaone/src/UnicaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni20B9_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/src/Rambla-Bold.otf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/divides.plate.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_C_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_209.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/andika/sources/graphite/pitches.gdh.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/E-cy_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_043.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/muli/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Regular.menu.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Bold.latin.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/atilde.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/monacal/Monacal-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/giveyouglory/src/GiveYouGlory.vfb.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/giveyouglory/src/GiveYouGlory.vfb.i
data/felltypes/IMFeGPrm28P.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.vfb.i
data/iconic/src/fullscreen_exit.svg.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/josefinsansstdlight/JosefinSansStd-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-SemiBold-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-SemiBold-TTF.sfd.i
data/shojumaru/OFL.txt.i
data/cutive/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_2.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uacute.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-LightItalic.glyphs.i
data/ofl/risque/OFL.txt.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasR.latin.log.i
data/ropasans/src/RopaSans-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/nine.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Italic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nine.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_5.glif.i
data/ofl/seaweedscript/SeaweedScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/qof-hb.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-Bold.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/philosopher/Philosopher-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0200.glif.i
data/varela/Varela-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/varela/Varela-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/fascinateinline/md5sum.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/portersansblock/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/designers/lars_berggren/BIO.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/mandali/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Black.otf.i
data/leaguescript/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/dje-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/suravaram/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/apache/schoolbell/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/underdog/Underdog-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_4.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/cuprum/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/src/Encoding/FTH_Playfair.xlsx.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/jimnightshade/JimNightshade-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/ofl/abeezee/src/ABeeZee-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.case.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/kronaone/KronaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h_circumflex.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.greek-ext.d
data/gudea/Gudea-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ebreve.glyph.i
data/tools/lint/src/com/google/lint/Lint.java.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-SemiBold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/w_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/denkone/src/DenkOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-SemiBoldItalic-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/s_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Bold.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Regular.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_6A_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/cherryswash/CherrySwash-Regular.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_95.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/judson/src/Judson-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/atilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/brawler/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/specimen/Specimen.pdf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/rparen.plate.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/El-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/vastshadow/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/caudex/src/Caudex-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumpenscript/NanumPenScript-Regular.korean.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumpenscript/NanumPenScript-Regular.korean.i
data/cutive/.git/refs/remotes/origin/HEAD.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/trochut/Trochut-Italic.ttf.i
data/apache/notosanskayahli/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/vibur/Vibur-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_231.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/martelsans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/paragraph.glyph.i
data/ezrasil/EzraSIL-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/ofl/metrophobic/src/Metrophobic-TTF.sfd.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/apache/smokum/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/yesevaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-LightItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/petrona/Petrona-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii301.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/signika/src/Signika-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/fasterone/FasterOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/vidaloka/src/Vidaloka-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/sources/GentiumBookBasic-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/autourone/AutourOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-TThints.vfb.i
data/ofl/numans/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/longs_i.glyph.i
data/ofl/jomolhari/src/Jomolhari-alpha3c-060531.vtp.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/unifrakturmaguntia/Maguntia-Book-Latin.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/zero.numr.glif.i
data/fastbrushscript/FastBrushScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/chango/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/oleoscript/OleoScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/trochut/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/s.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeyemarrow/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/threeeighths.glif.i
data/ofl/markoone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ptserif/src/PTZ56F.ttf.i
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/Neuton-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Light.otf.i
data/droid/DroidSans.menu.i
data/thegirlnextdoor/src/TheGirlNextDoor-TTF.sfd.d
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni00B3.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/j_circumflex.glif.i
data/thegirlnextdoor/src/TheGirlNextDoor-TTF.sfd.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b_.glif.i
data/ofl/muli/Muli-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraLight.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/signika/Signika-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/apache/mountainsofchristmas/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/sunshiney/md5sum.i
data/ofl/carroisgothicsc/src/CarroisGothicSC-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/seaweedscript/SeaweedScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/telex/Telex-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/quattrocento/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/daysone/src/DaysOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/pacifico/src/Pacifico.vfb.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/VTT/BevanFLAB.ttx.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/En-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/sortsmillgoudy/src/SOURCE.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/designers/james_grieshaber/BIO.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidotItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/orig/SeymourOne-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni041B_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0405.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/e_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/iconic/src/map_pin_stroke.svg.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ogonek.glyph.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE098.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/quattrocentosans/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.util.glif.i
data/eaglelake/src/EagleLake-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_089.i
data/anticdidone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/justanotherhand/APACHE2.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00660068.liga.glif.i
data/alfaslabone/AlfaSlabOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/signika/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/fresca/OFL.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/c_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-LightItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/ikern/BevanOT.vtl.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/francoisone/FrancoisOne.menu.i
data/ofl/cousine/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/ranga/OFL.txt.i
data/ezra/src/Keyman/EZRAUNI24.KMN.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/src/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/mousememoirs/src/MouseMemoirs-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/simonetta/Simonetta-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Bold.latin.d
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/kslash.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasBI.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif.i
data/baumans/Baumans-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.smcp.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-greek-ext+greek+latin.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/portlligatsans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/six.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/merriweather/Merriweather.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/fugazone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni040D_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/scada/Scada-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/galindo/Galindo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/parisienne/src/Parisienne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sha-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/vt323/VT323.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif.i
data/ofl/anton/Anton.menu.i
data/apache/creepstercaps/CreepsterCaps-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/kellyslab/src/KellySlab-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/yellowtail/Yellowtail-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-BlackItalic.vietnamese.i
data/cutive/.git/logs/refs/heads/master.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c__uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/egyslabthin/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-OTF/Raleway-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/src/ExpletusSans-Semibold.vfb.i
data/oldenburg/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/wireone/src/WireOne-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/c_r_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Itilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-LightItalic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/deliusswashcaps/src/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.vfb.d
data/contrail/METADATA.i
data/ofl/monda/Monda-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/deliusswashcaps/src/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/molle/src/Molle-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/poiretone/src/PoiretOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_129.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/en-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/damion/Damion-Regular.latin.i
data/tangerine/Tangerine.menu2.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/butterflykids/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/careof.glif.i
data/nokora/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Medium.greek.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/share/src/Share-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-Light.latin-ext.i
data/spinnaker/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/longsslash_longsslash.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/poly/src/Poly-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni04BA_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E0A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Itilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/imfelldwpica/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_81.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/ofl/magra/src/Magra-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/_null.glif.i
data/crimson/CrimsonText-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/fjordone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_.ss01.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/bilboswashcaps/OFL.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/src/AlmendraSC-Bold-original.otf.i
data/freehand/METADATA.i
data/fondamento/Fondamento-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/firamono/src/README.md.i
data/ofl/keaniaone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Bold.devanagari.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/CinzelDecorative-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/caladea/Caladea-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uniFB01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/estimated.glif.i
data/josefinsans/JosefinSans-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/clara/Clara-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/prostoone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ie-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/paprika/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.osf.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Regular.devanagari.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Regular.devanagari.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/misssaintdelafield/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/n.smcp.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/share/Share-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/er-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/tools/chars/showchars.py.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/handlee/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/comfortaa/src/Comfortaa-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_T.glyph.i
data/ofl/changaone/ChangaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/englebert/src/Englebert-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/overlock/src/Overlock-Black.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/kavoon/src/Kavoon-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/graduate/src/Graduate-Regular-specimen.jpg.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/graduate/src/Graduate-Regular-specimen.jpg.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/skranji/src/Skranji-Regular-TTF.vfbak.i
data/ptserif/src/PTZ55F_W.svg.i
data/ofl/novascript/src/NovaScript.sfd.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Light.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/novascript/src/NovaScript.sfd.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/autourone/src/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif.i
data/arbutus/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/maguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfd.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/knewave/Knewave-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/maguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfd.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0402.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/limelight/Limelight-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/metrophobic/src/Metrophobic.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/actor/METADATA.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/chauphilomeneone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0456.smcp.glif.i
data/asap/src/Asap-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/designers/peter_hull/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/arapey/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ff.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/c_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/varelaround/VarelaRound-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/kaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Light.latin-ext.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/anonymouspro/src/README.txt.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/prostoone/ProstoOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/d_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif.i
data/gravitasone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Thin-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf.d
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/michroma/md5sum.i
data/ofl/annieuseyourtelescope/AnnieUseYourTelescope.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/durusans/src/DuruSans-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/adamina/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-UltraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040D_.glif.i
data/apache/notosanstamilui/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-SemiBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/poppins/OFL.txt.i
data/alegreya/Alegreya-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0403.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/Inconsolata.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/asap/src/Asap-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/orbitron/Orbitron-Medium.menu.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/audiowide/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/J_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_61.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0490.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0456.glif.i
data/aguafinascript/src/Aguafina-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/j.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/GenBasBI.menu.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/coda/CodaCaption-Heavy.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/apache/rancho/METADATA.json.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-SemiBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/codystar/Codystar-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/walterturncoat/METADATA.i
data/asap/src/Asap-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Italic.ttf.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Italic.ttf.d
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ereversed-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/yellowtail/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.case.glif.i
data/telex/METADATA.i
data/ofl/keaniaone/src/KeaniaOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-ThinItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-ThinItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/iconic/src/spin_alt.svg.i
data/ofl/cedarvillecursive/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_dotaccent.glif.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Bold.ttf.i
data/apache/notosansglagolitic/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Bold.ttf.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Rslash.glyph.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_0.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/russoone/OFL.txt.i
data/ebgaramond/menusubset-ebg.ff.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/rammettoone/src/RammettoOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/src/SOURCE.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-ThinItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Io-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/quattrocento/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/originalsurfer/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/hacek.smcp.glif.i
data/sancreek/src/Sancreek-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/es-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/blackopsone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/ofl/balthazar/src/Balthazar-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_4.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0403.glif.i
data/italiana/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/amaticsc/src/AmaticSC-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ExtraLightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/EARLY_ACCESS.html.i
data/ofl/deliusunicase/DeliusUnicase-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/sanchez/src/Sanchez-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/geo/src/Geo-Oblique.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/charissil/CharisSIL-Regular.latin.i
data/koulen/Koulen.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/cutive/.git/hooks/pre-commit.sample.i
data/ofl/amaticsc/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_174.i
data/ofl/portlligatslab/PortLligatSlab-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_109.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni278f_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.glif.i
data/ofl/marcellussc/src/MarcellusSC-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B6_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/radley/src/Radley-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/radley/src/Radley-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/hennypenny/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/miama/Miama.greek-ext+latin.log.i
data/ofl/electrolize/src/Electrolize-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/zero.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/diplomata/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cardo/Cardo-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/designers/oriol_esparraguera/BIO.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/rugeboogie/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/racingsansone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/paytoneone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/gurajada/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-BI-hinting.ttf.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/l_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/orienta/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nine.sups.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii61664.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/deliusunicase/src/DeliusUnicase-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/bitter/src/Bitter-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_200.i
data/averialibre/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Medium.cyrillic-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B7_.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_figures.fea.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/souliyo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/flamenco/src/Flamenco-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/src/AlegreyaSansSC-BlackItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/homenaje/METADATA.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/sarina/Sarina-Regular.latin.i
data/ezra/src/VOLT/MITX11License.txt.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Bold.latin.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/kameron/src/Kameron-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/niconne/src/Niconne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Regular-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/diplomata/Diplomata-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/newGlyph_.003.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/unlock/src/Unlock-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_th.glif.i
data/lovedbytheking/src/LovedbytheKing.otf.i
data/ubuntumono/README.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Thin.latin.i
data/aguafinascript/AguafinaScript-Regular.menu.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/amaticsc/AmaticSC-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_237.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/marcellus/Marcellus-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oleoscript/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/chicle/Chicle-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-BlackItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/w_dieresis.glif.i
data/medulaone/MedulaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-BlackItalic.latin.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.smcp.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/md5sum.i
data/happymonkey/md5sum.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.greek-ext+latin.d
data/tinos/Tinos-Bold.greek-ext+latin.i
data/apache/notosanstamilui/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE045.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.greek-ext+latin.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Light.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/domine/src/Domine-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-Unmerged Source/Raleway-Thin-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Utilde_.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrew-CondBoldItalic.glyphs.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif.i
data/ofl/merienda/Merienda-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellenglishsc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_4.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/wellfleet/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/designers/hjort_hidudsson/BIO.i
data/ofl/khmer/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/arizonia/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/trocchi/Trocchi-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/src/OpenSansHebrew-Light.glyphs.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/spirax/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/monofett/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_0.glif.i
data/ofl/ponnala/Ponnala-Regular.telugu.d
data/ofl/ponnala/Ponnala-Regular.telugu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Es-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/Gruppo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oleoscriptswashcaps/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/butcherman/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020D_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/philosopher/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/OTF/Montserrat-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/kalam/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ThinItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/carter/CarterBold.menu.i
data/ofl/sacramento/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/tharlon/Tharlon-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0214.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/tharlon/Tharlon-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan_info.txt.i
data/ofl/cousine/Cousine-Bold.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0307.glif.i
data/emblemaone/EmblemaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_155.i
data/drsugiyama/DrSugiyama-Regular.menu.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-SemiBold.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/w.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/notosansdevanagari/NotoSansDevanagari-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/economica/src/Economica-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/sancreek/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/mrssheppards/src/MrsSheppards-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Tcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/portlligatslab/PortLligatSlab-Regular.menu.i
data/londrinaoutline/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/miama/Miama.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/radley/Radley-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/gafata/src/Gafata-Regular-before_ttfautohint.ttf.i
data/stintultraexpanded/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/capriola/Capriola-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/rosario/Rosario-Regular.latin.i
data/frederickathegreat/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.sfd.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/ofl/petitformalscript/src/PetitFormalScript-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/ofl/felipa/Felipa-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/r_tildecomb.glyph.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_6.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/s_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/two.numr.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Regular.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/notosanstelugu/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/endash.case.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/handlee/Handlee-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/droidarabickufi/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ptserif/src/stylesheet.css.i
data/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/pressstart2p/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/OpenSans-CondLightItalic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/diplomatasc/DiplomataSC-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_3.glif.i
data/happymonkey/src/HappyMonkey-Regular.otf.i
data/judson/src/Judson-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/asul/Asul-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/four.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GenBasI.vfb.i
data/ofl/dorsa/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/e-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/apache/justanotherhand/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/averialibre/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ka-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/smalltilde.plate.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/novaslim/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/overlock/src/Overlock-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/thabit/src/cour/README.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0093.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/homemadeapple/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/dynalight/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.ttf.d
data/almendra/src/Almendra-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_2.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBookBasic-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/aguafinascript/AguafinaScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/jaldi/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ia-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBookBasic-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/macondoswashcaps/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/volkhov/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/peralta/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-SemiboldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_ccmp.fea.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/rosario/src/Rosario-Regular.vfb.i
data/overlocksc/METADATA.i
data/ofl/questrial/src/Questrial-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/limelight/src/Limelight-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/Sources/GenBkBasB.vfb.i
data/ofl/mate/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/averiaserifgwf/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ewert/Ewert-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/l_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/hanuman/menusubset.ff.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/LondrinaShadow-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/meddon/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/apache/tinos/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/griffy/Griffy-Regular.latin.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/lobster/src/Lobster-Cyrillic.vfb.i
data/ofl/alice/Alice-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/fastbrushscript/src/FastBrushScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/fastbrushscript/src/FastBrushScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bitter/Bitter-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ldot.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/src/AlegreyaSansSC-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/romanesco/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Tworoman.glyph.i
data/qwigley/Qwigley-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/l_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/elsie/Elsie-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/iceberg/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/kronaone/src/KronaOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/jsmathcmsy10/METADATA.json.i
data/ruluko/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE010.glyph.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/nosifercaps/NosiferCaps-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/mate/src/Mate-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/karla/Karla-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/cardo/Cardo-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-Regular.cyrillic+latin.d
data/ofl/gudea/Gudea-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/yacute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Heavy.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/cardo/Cardo-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/fingerpaint/orig/FingerPaint-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/alike/Alike-Regular.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ThinItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_203.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/nobile/src/Nobile-bold-italic002.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/coda/src/Coda-Heavy.vfb.i
data/novaoval/NovaOval.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTF56F_W.eot.i
data/ofl/macondoswashcaps/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/averiasansgwf/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/merriweather/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/newbasileaserif/src/New Basilea Serif.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/oldstandardtt/OldStandard-Bold.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/diplomatasc/DiplomataSC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif.i
data/ofl/ruluko/src/Ruluko-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/neucha/src/neucha.otf.i
data/ofl/tienne/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oranienbaum/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/simonetta/src/Simonetta-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Thin-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/puritan/Puritan-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/metamorphous/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/arimo/src/README.i
data/mysteryquest/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttx.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/novaround/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/coda/Coda-Heavy.menu.i
data/ofl/domine/src/Domine-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/battambang/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/T_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Yi-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmti10/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_281.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_mkmk.fea.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/alike/src/Alike-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/forum/METADATA.json.i
data/dancingscript/src/DancingScript-Regular.vfb.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/dancingscript/src/DancingScript-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/cagliostro/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-BlackItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/giveyouglory/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.otf.i
data/arimo/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/rokkitt/Rokkitt.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/acute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/karla/src/Karla-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Thin.ttf.i
data/squadaone/SquadaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_ring.glif.i
data/mako/src/Mako-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.ss01.glif.i
data/cantarell/src/eot/Cantarell-BoldItalic.eot.i
data/ofl/autourone/src/AutourOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ezrasil/src/EzraSIL-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/autourone/src/AutourOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/underdog/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/suranna/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/filled.jpg.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/filled.jpg.i
data/ofl/sarabun/METADATA.json.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-Bold.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ebreve.smcp.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_circumflex.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/j_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/R_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/spicyrice/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/nunito/src/Nunito-Light_pre_hint_src.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellenglish/IMFeENit28P.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/autourone/AutourOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cantarell/Cantarell-Regular.menu2.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni04B6_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/w_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/sedan/Sedan-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/lohit-bengali/md5sum.i
data/ofl/dawningofanewday/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_caron.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/anticslab/AnticSlab-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/chelseamarket/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ezrasil/src/mappings/Test_MCtoUni.txt.i
data/ofl/sofia/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumbrushscript/NanumBrushScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montaga/src/Montaga-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE059.glyph.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Semibold.ttf.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020d_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/nunito/src/Nunito-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/tradewinds/src/TradeWinds-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/wireone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/sintony/src/Sintony-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/syncopate/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E41_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2206.glif.i
data/ofl/rufina/Rufina-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/quantico/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/Rambla-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/mrssheppards/METADATA.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ha-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/sedan/Sedan-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/zacute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_dotaccent.glif.i
data/butterflykids/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/poly/Poly-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Italic.ttf.d
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/r_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/nosifercaps/NosiferCaps-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/u_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif.i
data/dangrek/METADATA.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/macute.glyph.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/uncialantiqua/src/UncialAntiqua-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/i_acute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0200.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/autourone/AutourOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellfrenchcanon/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/autourone/AutourOne-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/molle/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/unifrakturmaguntia/Maguntia-Book-Latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/jsmathcmex10/jsMath-cmex10.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniFB00_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_151.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/ruluko/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/judson/Judson-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/lovedbytheking/src/LovedbytheKing-TTF.sfd.i
data/arbutus/Arbutus-Regular.latin.i
data/pacifico/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/apache/notosanstelugu/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/METADATA.json.i
data/rammettoone/RammettoOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ohungarumlaut.glyph.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Medium.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresismacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldwpicasc/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/quattrocento/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_068.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ezra/src/mappings/HEB-map.xml.i
data/ofl/gelasio/src/Gelasio-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/allerta/src/allerta_medium.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/gelasio/src/Gelasio-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/macondoswashcaps/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/zeyada/METADATA.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.greek.d
data/ofl/suwannaphum/OFL.txt.i
data/quicksand/Quicksand-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/eater/src/Eater-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/koulen/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/eater/src/Eater-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.greek.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif.i
data/prata/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/telex/Telex-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Wacute.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/istokweb/IstokWeb-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/holtwoodonesc/HoltwoodOneSC.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/alegreya/Alegreya-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_1_uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/butterflykids/src/ButterflyKids-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Lower Case/sketch29615242.jpg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/matesc/MateSC-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/spirax/Spirax-Regular.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/tools/menusubset/menu.korean.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/nanumbrushscript/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/magra/Magra-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/spicyrice/src/SpicyRice-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_02.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.smcp.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/test_files/latin.jpg.d
data/ofl/exo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/test_files/latin.jpg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/italiana/src/Italiana-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_066.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/gudea/src/Gudea-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/tt.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Thin.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/amacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Fontlab/Truetype/Playfair display italic TT FL HANDHINT 48.vfb.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Black.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_igrave.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ge-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020F_.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/EzraSIL-Regular-designsource.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/titanone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Medium.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/mysteryquest/MysteryQuest-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/andada/src/Andada-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_0A_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-BlackItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_41.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Aring.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/coda/Coda-Heavy.ttf.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-ThinItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSansMono-Regular.ttf.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/chenla/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0459.smcp.glif.i
data/magra/src/Magra-Regular.vfb.i
data/electrolize/Electrolize-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/myanmarsanspro/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniFB03.glyph.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/EncodeSansCompressed-Bold.ttf.i
data/belgrano/METADATA.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/z_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/patuaone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0237.glif.i
data/ofl/rye/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/supermercadoone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/src/Comfortaa-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_8d_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/mrbedfort/MrBedfort-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_j_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Regular.ai.d
data/ofl/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Regular.ai.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/two.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/otf/EBGaramondSC.otf.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/otf/EBGaramondSC.otf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/H_bar.glif.i
data/ofl/marcellus/src/Marcellus-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/shanti/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/ofl/telex/Telex-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/apache/redressed/Redressed.menu.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/montaga/Montaga-Regular.ttf.i
data/simonetta/Simonetta-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/seoulhangang/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf.d
data/ofl/seoulhangang/SeoulHangang-Medium.ttf.i
data/simonetta/Simonetta-Italic.ttf.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-SemiBoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/oregano/Oregano-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/ofl/durusans/src/DuruSans-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-TThints.vfb.i
data/ofl/simonetta/Simonetta-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_293.i
data/ofl/boogaloo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/frederickathegreat/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/tillana/Tillana-Medium.ttf.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/tillana/Tillana-Medium.ttf.d
data/ofl/frederickathegreat/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/apache/crushed/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/Oswald-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_188.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/kaffeesatz/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/iconic/src/battery_half.svg.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ezra/src/SILEOT.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-Italic.cyrillic+latin.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Italic.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/kreon/src/Kreon-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/seaweedscript/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/kavoon/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ubuntu/src/UbuntuMono-B-designsource.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ezra/src/OFL-FAQ.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/pinyonscript/src/PinyonScript-Regular.otf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/src/GFSNeohellenic.otf.i
data/exo/Exo-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/coveredbyyourgrace/src/CoveredByYourGrace.vfb.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowright.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_5_uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/quicksand/src/Quicksand-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF002_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_locals.fea.i
data/apache/opensans/src/OpenSans-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/puritan/src/ben_weiner.jpg.i
data/apache/unkempt/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/macroncomb.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/arapey/src/Arapey-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/sofadione/src/SofadiOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/almendra/src/Almendra-Bold.otf.i
data/oldstandard/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/bilboswashcaps/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/makoone/src/MakoOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-Unmerged Source/Raleway-SemiBold.vfb.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Light.greek.i
data/stoke/Stoke-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Light.greek.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/brunoacesc/BrunoAceSC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/blacksquare.case.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/Cutive-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/goudybookletter1911/src/GoudyBookletter1911-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B7_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Italic.ttf.i
data/cardo/src/Cardo98s.ttf.d
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/SFD/EBGaramond-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Shcha-cy_.glif.i
data/cardo/src/Cardo98s.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/nine.sups.glif.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/SFD/EBGaramond-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/lemon/Lemon-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/macondoswashcaps/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/acme/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/andikabasic/AndikaBasic-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/c.plate.i
data/merriweather/Merriweather-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/deliusunicase/METADATA.json.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/iconic/src/arrow_up_alt2.svg.i
data/ofl/fruktur/Fruktur-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ygrave.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/fascinate/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/schoolbell/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/coustard/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/chewy/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/four.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ffi.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/herrvonmuellerhoff/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/shadowsintolighttwo/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/holtwood/Holtwood.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni02C9_.glif.i
data/ofl/originalsurfer/OriginalSurfer-Regular.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/three.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/DroidNaskh-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/salsa/src/Salsa-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/istokweb/src/ChangeLog.txt.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/features.fea.i
data/tools/nonhinting/setnonhinting-fontforge.py.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cambo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/hennypenny/HennyPenny-Regular.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/lohitbengali/src/Lohit-Bengali.sfd.i
data/ofl/lohitbengali/src/Lohit-Bengali.sfd.d
data/ofl/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-BlackItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d_z.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/tools/genmetadata/genmetadata.py.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_3.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/piedra/METADATA.i
data/ofl/tenaliramakrishna/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf.d
data/fondamento/Fondamento-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0210.glif.i
data/sueellenfrancisco/METADATA.i
data/fondamento/Fondamento-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Thin.greek.i
data/ofl/tenaliramakrishna/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_8a_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/share/Share-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsancondensed/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/src/SortsMillGoudy-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsancondensed/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/matesc/MateSC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bonbon/Bonbon-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/hammersmithone/src/HammersmithOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_055.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/hanaleifill/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Black-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_00.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/src/TerminalDosis-ExtraLight.otf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturcook/METADATA.json.i
data/overtherainbow/src/OvertheRainbow-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.latin.i
data/novaslim/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oregano/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0413.glif.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/src/Shojumaru-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/LibreCaslonText-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/tagoni/Tagoni-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/andada/Andada-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/designers/matt_mcinerney/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/metamorphous/src/Metamorphous-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Thin.latin.i
data/philosophertwo/src/PhilosopherTwo-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/sansitaone/src/SansitaOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tshe-cy_.glif.i
data/apache/maidenorange/MaidenOrange.latin.i
data/metamorphous/Metamorphous-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/drsugiyama/src/DrSujiyama-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_dotaccent.glif.i
data/shadowsintolight/ShadowsIntoLight.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/euphoriascript/src/EuphoriaScript-Regular.otf.i
data/aldrich/src/Aldrich-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/designers/andrey_panov/portait.jpg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/stardosstencil/src/StardosStencil-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ygrave.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/src/Dosis-ExtraLight-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinaoutline/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_tilde.glif.i
data/oldenburg/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/portersansblock/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/foundryicon.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni0009.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/alexbrush/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eth.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Black.greek.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-HeavyItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/asap/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/antonio/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/koulen/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/siamreap/Siemreap.ttf.i
data/concertone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/handlee/Handlee-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/allura/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0422.glif.i
data/ofl/averagesans/AverageSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/four.superior.glyph.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/lekton/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/gentium/OFL.txt.i
data/unifrakturcook/Cook-Bold-Latin.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/mrdafoe/METADATA.json.i
data/nobile/src/nobile_bold.ttx.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/J_circumflex.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/molle/src/Molle-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/rosario/src/Rosario-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif.i
data/ofl/nixieone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/allan/Allan-Regular.menu.i
data/novasquare/NovaSquare.ttf.i
data/averiagruesagwf/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/notosansgujaratiui/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/chelseamarket/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_f_h.liga.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/cantataone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancois/src/JacquesFrancois-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/iceland/Iceland-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/mousememoirs/src/MouseMemoirs-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/sacute.long.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_grave.glif.i
data/apache/walterturncoat/LICENSE.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ubuntu/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif.i
data/ofl/oflsortsmillgoudytt/OFLGoudyStMTT-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni04B0_.glif.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/markoone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.osf.glif.i
data/ofl/taprom/Taprom.ttf.i
data/ofl/suravaram/Suravaram-Regular.telugu.d
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/suravaram/Suravaram-Regular.telugu.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/titanone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/meiescript/MeieScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/exo/src/Exo-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/butcherman/OFL.txt.i
data/exo/Exo-ExtraBold.latin.i
data/ofl/caladea/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/apache/notosansavestan/NotoSansAvestan-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/oldstandard/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/economica/src/Economica-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/six.dnom.glif.i
data/ptmono/PTM55FT.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/n_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/doppioone/DoppioOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_233.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ve-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.sfd.i
data/dosis/Dosis-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/src/Lora-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/src/Lora-Italic-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/cutive/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/mervalescript/src/MervaleScript-Regular.vfb.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/m_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/ScheherazadeRegOT.ttf.i
data/ofl/kellyslab/KellySlab-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/molengo/Molengo-Regular.afm.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/puritan/Puritan-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.subs.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/limelight/src/Limelight-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/gacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/grave.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/glegoo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uniFB01.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_00.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Regular.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/lovedbytheking/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/paprika/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_j.liga.glif.i
data/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/mandali/Mandali-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/aguafinascript/METADATA.json.i
data/coda/CodaCaption-Heavy.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/acute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/s_p.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/ofl/thegirlnextdoor/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/strong/src/Strong_Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10082.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_5.glif.i
data/ofl/iceland/Iceland-Regular.ttf.i
data/headlandone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo-ExtraBold.ttf.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/lilitaone/METADATA.json.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/CR_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/cantarell/src/src/Cantarell-Regular-Spiro.sfd.i
data/ofl/brunoacesc/BrunoAceSC-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular-unhinted.ttf.i
data/ofl/dawningofanewday/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/frederickathegreat/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.menu.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/shojumaru/Shojumaru-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/pressstart2p/PressStart2P-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif.i
data/ofl/galindo/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/clara/src/Clara-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/bonbon/src/Bonbon-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/coda/CodaCaption-Heavy.latin.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Bold.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidotItalic.ttf.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.ttf.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidotItalic.ttf.d
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_E_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE067.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE08F.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Light.greek.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE091.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni040F_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/one.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/magra/Magra-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-HeavyItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/zero.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.pdf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.pdf.d
data/ofl/changa/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/simonetta/Simonetta-BlackItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/imfelldwpicasc/IMFePIsc28P.latin.i
data/apache/notosanstamil/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/happymonkey/HappyMonkey-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/sanchez/src/Sanchez-Regular-OTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/sanchez/src/Sanchez-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/de-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/durusans/src/DuruSans-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/josefinsansstdlight/JosefinSansStd-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/bitter/src/Bitter-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/offside/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/apache/droidserif/DroidSerif-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oleoscriptswashcaps/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/creteround/CreteRound-Italic.ttf.i
data/comingsoon/APACHE2.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/fresca/Fresca-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/pollerone/src/PollerOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/sacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_1F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasBI.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/apache/cherrycreamsoda/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/varela/Varela-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/average/Average-Regular.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/marvel/Marvel-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/gildadisplay/GildaDisplay-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_mega.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/src/GentiumPlus-features.pdf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_d__uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/src/GentiumPlus-features.pdf.d
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/z_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/andada/Andada-Italic.ttf.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0456.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Numbers/sketch29617563.png.i
data/ofl/simonetta/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.case.glif.i
data/marckscript/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/carter/src/CarterBold-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/gelasio/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/lobster/Lobster.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/molengo/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/snowburstone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_014.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c__uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/clara/src/Clara-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_th.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/aftaserifthin/AftaSerifThin-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/candal/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/tienne/METADATA.i
data/ofl/baligalang/BaliGalang-Regular.ttf.i
data/cardo/Cardo-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif.i
data/ofl/loveyalikeasister/LoveYaLikeASister.ttf.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/cardo/Cardo-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/apache/droidserifthai/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/happymonkey/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Medium.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/anticslab/src/AnticSlab-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-BlackItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/src/README.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/SeoulNamsan-Bold.korean.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/SeoulNamsan-Bold.korean.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/w.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/economica/Economica-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/Roboto-Condensed.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/baumans/src/Baumans-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/noticiatext/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/satisfy/METADATA.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/Cardo-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cardo/Cardo-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/montserrat/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/enriqueta/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/shortstack/src/ShortStack-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/exo/src/Exo-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.smcp.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/zeyada/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/asap/Asap-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/commaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/daysone/src/DaysOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/karlatamilinclined/src/KarlaUpright-MM.vfb.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_059.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/five.sups.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/Monda-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/apache/notokufiarabic/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/radley/md5sum.i
data/economica/src/Economica-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif.i
data/sofia/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/vt323/src/VT323-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/vt323/src/VT323-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/sedan/src/Sedan-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/R_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.dnom.glif.i
data/thabit/src/cour/courbi.pfa.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/lilyscriptone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/dynalight/src/Dynalight-Regular.otf.i
data/kreon/src/Kreon-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/chicle/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/englebert/src/Englebert-Regular.vfb.i
data/raleway/src/raleway_thin.otf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.vfb.i
data/handlee/Handlee-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/amaranth/Amaranth-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/designers/steven_kobes/BIO.i
data/ofl/telex/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ruslandisplay/RuslanDisplay.latin.i
data/ofl/judson/src/Judson-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/share/src/Share-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Bold.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Thin-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-SemiBoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0422.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_048.i
data/ofl/oldenburg/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/spirax/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/puritan/src/Puritan-Italic.otf.i
data/felltypes/IMFeFCit28P.menu.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni03A_9.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/macondo/Macondo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/R_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif.i
data/astloch/src/Astloch-Regular-TTF_FF.ttf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/apache/mountainsofchristmas/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/tuffy/Tuffy-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/apache/notosanssymbols/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/volkhov/src/Volkhov-Bold-OTF.otf.i
data/doppioone/src/DoppioOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.vietnamese.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni20a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/bowlbyone/src/BowlbyOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/mandali/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/bowlbyone/src/BowlbyOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/gentium/Gentium-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/marcellus/src/Marcellus-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/angkor/OFL.txt.i
data/unifrakturmaguntia/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/figuredash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HairlineItalic.greek.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni0009.glif.i
data/ofl/cevicheone/CevicheOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_056.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Light-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/zeyada/Zeyada.ttf.i
data/zeyada/Zeyada.ttf.d
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0C4.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/gruppo/Gruppo-Light.menu.i
data/gentium/GentiumAlt-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/monoton/Monoton-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/adventpro/AdventPro-Light.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E0B_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif.i
data/tenorsans/src/TenorSans-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/rye/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/novaoval/METADATA.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_1.glif.i
data/ofl/siamreap/OFL.txt.i
data/habibi/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/signikanegative/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/medulaone/METADATA.i
data/apache/ultra/Ultra.menu.i
data/coustard/INFO.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dze-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/novaoval/src/NovaOval.sfd.i
data/ofl/lemon/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/calligraffiti/APACHE2.txt.i
data/ofl/eaglelake/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/f_t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.smcp.glif.i
data/butchermancaps/ButchermanCaps-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-LightItalic.latin.i
data/gentiumplus/GentiumPlus-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_5.glif.i
data/ofl/lancelot/Lancelot-Regular.latin.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/agrave.smcp.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/alice/src/Alice-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif.i
data/nobile/nobile_bold.menu.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-DemiBold.greek.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Light.ttf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/coustard/src/Coustard-Heavy.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_acute.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Light.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni03A_9.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/bitter/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_9.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ie-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/dekko/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Bold.ttf.d
data/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.ttf.i
data/codystar/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/sintony/Sintony-Bold.ttf.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/stintultracondensed/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/creteround/CreteRound-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0403.glif.i
data/ofl/basic/Basic-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/signika/Signika-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-Italic.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_6_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/ezrasil/EzraSIL-Regular.menu.i
data/rugeboogie/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/marcellus/Marcellus-Regular.menu.i
data/gentium/src/documentation/Gentium_spec_greek.pdf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/gentium/src/documentation/Gentium_spec_greek.pdf.i
data/ofl/missfajardose/OFL.txt.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Dje-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni009b_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BlackItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/guilsinglright.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Kcommaaccent.glyph.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7_uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/euphoriascript/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.smcp.glif.i
data/lindenhill/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/rye/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/nobile_bold.menu.i
data/apache/creepstercaps/METADATA.json.i
data/macondoswashcaps/md5sum.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/s.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/varelaround/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/EncodeSansCompressed-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-Light.devanagari.d
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTF75F.ttf.d
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTF75F.ttf.i
data/ofl/andada/src/Andada-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/aladin/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/lemon/Lemon-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/trochut/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/rochester/Rochester-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/io-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/sreekrushnadevaraya/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/glegoo/src/Glegoo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bilbo/OFL.txt.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/apache/unkempt/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/R_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_202.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/icaron.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-SemiBoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/offside/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/josefin/OFL.txt.i
data/stoke/Stoke-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0000.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_236.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/lslash.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/simonetta/Simonetta-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-CondBold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/julee/src/Julee-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/src/LibreBaskerville-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/brawler/src/Brawler.otf.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/allura/Allura-Regular.menu.i
data/almendra/src/Almendra-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Yeru-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/apache/notosanscherokee/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/andadasc/AndadaSC-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/MontserratAlternates-Regular-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/anahit/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/changaone/ChangaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/fl.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/LifeSavers-ExtraBold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/exclamdown.glyph.i
data/ofl/annieuseyourtelescope/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/molengo/Molengo-Regular.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ii-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni1E9E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/five.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/eater/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/craftygirls/src/CraftyGirls-TTX.ttf.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/forum/Forum-Regular.menu.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/montaga/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Bold.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/abreve.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/inika/src/Inika-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/SeoulHangangCondensed-ExtraBold.korean.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/volkhov/md5sum.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/felipa/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/poiretone/PoiretOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Regular.arabic.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_6_uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeyemarrow/OFL.txt.i
data/arvo/src/Arvo_VTT/Arvo-Regular_b05_b.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/E_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/sail/METADATA.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/mrssaintdelafield/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0421.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/averiagruesalibre/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ezrasil/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/londrinasketch/METADATA.json.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/anticslab/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/phetsarath/METADATA.json.i
data/expletussans/ExpletusSans-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/apache/notonastaliqurdudraft/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/stintultraexpanded/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_157.i
data/ofl/originalsurfer/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/smokum/METADATA.i
data/gentium/GentiumAlt-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-SemiBold.otf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/germaniaone/src/GermaniaOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/BenchNine-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cardo/src/Cardo104.indd.i
data/ofl/labelleaurore/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/src/Cardo104.indd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/two.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0459.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/ofl/michroma/Michroma.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/ofl/pinyonscript/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/cevicheone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/pecita/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/src/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.otf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch2961748.png.i
data/apache/maidenorange/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.smcp.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0423.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/handlee/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/convergence/Convergence-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/raviprakash/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/portlligatslab/src/portligat-SLAB-google.jpg.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/portlligatslab/src/portligat-SLAB-google.jpg.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/novasquare/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/ArchivoNarrow-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HairlineItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Regular.greek.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_9.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/koulen/METADATA.json.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.glif.i
data/nobile/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/lato/Lato-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Light.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/piedra/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/caesardressing/CaesarDressing-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/martelsans/MartelSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.ss01.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_288.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.smcp.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e.ss01.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/droid/src/DroidSerif-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04BA_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BlackItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/doppioone/DoppioOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_croat.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-ExtraBoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-ExtraBoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/averiagwf/OFL.txt.i
data/boogaloo/BoogalooOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/longs_t.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/mysteryquest/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/apache/notosanstaitham/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-Condensed.ttf.i
data/ofl/creteround/CreteRound-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/apache/satisfy/Satisfy-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/norican/Norican-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/medievalsharp/MedievalSharp.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/w.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/imprima/Imprima-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/imfellfrenchcanonsc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/acme/Acme-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cuprum/src/Cuprum-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/zeyada/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/signika/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0BC.glyph.i
data/ofl/esteban/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ezrasil/md5sum.i
data/averiasansgwf/AveriaSansGWF-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic-hinting_source.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/Montserrat-Bold.vfb.d
data/ofl/fasterone/FasterOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/kranky/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/Montserrat-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/apache/cherrycreamsoda/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/mysteryquest/src/MysteryQuest-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/chauphilomeneone/ChauPhilomeneOne-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_287.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.case.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/carroisgothicsc/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/nomina/src/Nomina-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/utilde.smcp.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/adventpro/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/menusubset-pfd.ff.i
data/ofl/copse/src/Copse-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/bitter/Bitter-Regular.latin.i
data/oxygen/Oxygen-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/geostarfill/GeostarFill-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/J_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/share/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturcook/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/euphoriascript/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_circumflex.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/t_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSansMono-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/monsieurladoulaise/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Thin.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/hammersmithone/HammersmithOne.latin.i
data/poiretone/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_6B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-MediumItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/mclaren/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9b_.glif.i
data/ofl/sofadione/SofadiOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/architectsdaughter/ArchitectsDaughter.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/economica/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/sixcaps/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/creteround/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/lakkireddy/LakkiReddy-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/gelasio/src/Gelasio-Italic.vfb.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/tcaron.glyph.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/permanentmarker/METADATA.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBasic-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBasic-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_205.i
data/gorditas/Gorditas-Bold.latin.i
data/ruslandisplay/RuslanDisplay.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GenBkBasB.vfb.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/src/JosefinSlab-Thin-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/andadasc/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/voces/src/Voces-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/coda/Coda-Regular.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_e_.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBasic-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/quattrocentosans/md5sum.i
data/ofl/headlandone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/caladea/Caladea-Regular.latin.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/oldstandard/src/OldStandard-Bold.ttf.d
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/oldstandard/src/OldStandard-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/gudea/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Z_W_N_J.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_.glif.i
data/allerta/src/Allerta-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/caudex/Caudex-Italic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Medium.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/ropasans/RopaSans-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/crimsontext/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/quattrocento/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/lato/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasB.latin-ext.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/federo/src/Federo-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/de-cy.glif.i
data/bonbon/Bonbon-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/overlocksc/OverlockSC-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Medium.greek.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/ofl/jimnightshade/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/dosis/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-MediumItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/rougescript/src/RougeScript-Regular.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/cardo/Cardo99s.ttf.d
data/cardo/Cardo99s.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/metamorphous/Metamorphous-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/moulpali/METADATA.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Narrow.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HeavyItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/miama/Miama-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/fasthand/METADATA.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/asul/src/Asul-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0418.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/t_z.glyph.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/andadasc/src/AndadaSC-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/apache/aclonica/Aclonica.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/carme/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/creteround/src/CreteRound-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/neuton/src/Neuton-ExtraLight-TTF.sfd.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/chicle/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/alefhebrew/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gorditas/Gorditas-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/oleoscript/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/monda/Monda-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Hcircumflex_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/firamono/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/chelseamarket/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-MediumItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/slabo13px/Slabo13px-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/nanumpenscript/menusubset-korean.ff.i
data/holtwoodheavy/src/Holtwood.sfd.i
data/karla/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/tienne/src/Tienne-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_acute.glif.i
data/chauphilomeneone/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/sterling.smcp.glif.i
data/tienne/src/Tienne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/sanchez/Sanchez-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.ss01.glif.i
data/chauphilomeneone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/montaga/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/delius/Delius-Regular.menu.i
data/felipa/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_e_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/l.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/emilyscandy/src/EmilysCandy-Regular-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Regular.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/fruktur/src/Fruktur-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/sniglet/src/Sniglet_Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/imfelldwpicasc/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Regular.latin.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Bold.latin-ext.log.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Regular.latin.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Itilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/germaniaone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/underdog/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/shadowsintolighttwo/METADATA.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/src/Quantico-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042A_.glif.i
data/spiral/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oregano/src/Oregano-Italic.otf.i
data/apache/robotoslab/src/RobotoSlab-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/carme/src/Carme-type-specimen.pdf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/ruda/src/Ruda-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE062.glyph.i
data/amaranth/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/MontserratAlternates-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ebreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/Oswald-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/prata/src/Prata-Regular-PS.vfb.i
data/ofl/gorditas/Gorditas-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/tbar.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/zacute.ss01.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/shortstack/src/ShortStack-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/Anaheim-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_2.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/wellfleet/src/Wellfleet-Regular.otf.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_017.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021a_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01CC_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ezra/src/mappings/Test_MCtoUni.txt.i
data/ofl/eatercaps/src/EaterCaps-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/milonga/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/eatercaps/src/EaterCaps-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_bar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/romanesco/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_03.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020C_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansoldsoutharabian/NotoSansOldSouthArabian-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_acute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/cuprum/Cuprum.latin.i
data/snippet/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/clara/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.latin.d
data/misssaintdelafield-internal/METADATA.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/philosopher/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/thorn.plate.i
data/ofl/metalmania/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/bilboswashcaps/src/BilboSwashCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/bilboswashcaps/src/BilboSwashCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/peralta/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/spicyrice-internal/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/tools/lint/src/com/google/lint/check/CheckNbspWidthMatchesSpWidth.java.i
data/exo/Exo-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/supermercadoone/SupermercadoOne-Regular.menu.i
data/novascript/NovaScript.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/kronaone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/src/SeoulHangangCEB.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/src/SeoulHangangCEB.otf.d
data/ofl/rozhaone/RozhaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Regular.vietnamese+latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Zacute.glyph.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/rumraisin/RumRaisin-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/warnes/Warnes-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.glif.i
data/ofl/miama/Miama-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.greek-ext+latin.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/ofl/freckleface/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_40.glif.i
data/ofl/magra/Magra-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0200.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/nixieone/NixieOne.latin.i
data/ofl/monsieurladoulaise/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/asap/Asap-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/bp.util.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/bonbon/src/Bonbon-Regular.vfb.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Bold.otf.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Italic.ttf.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020e_.glif.i
data/ofl/meriendaone/MeriendaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/chivo/src/Chivo-Italic.otf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/adamina/src/Adamina-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/emilyscandy/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/EBGaramond-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansdevanagari/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/.git/logs/HEAD.i
data/ofl/princesssofia/PrincessSofia-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-ExtraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Udieresisgrave_.glif.i
data/portlligatsans/src/PortLligatSans-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/H_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-HeavyItalic.otf.i
data/tienne/src/Tienne-Regular.otf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/khmer/Khmer.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/diplomata/Diplomata-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/goudybookletter1911/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/MontserratAlternates-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif.i
data/ofl/mallanna/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_b__uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Semibold.latin.i
data/ofl/gloriahallelujah/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Regular.ttf.d
data/sofia/OFL.txt.i
data/bubblerone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/londrinasketch/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/imacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_5.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/omacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif.i
data/ofl/jaldi/Jaldi-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/apache/notokufiarabic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/jaldi/Jaldi-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/badscript/menusubset-badscript.ff.i
data/carterone/src/CarterOne-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/carterone/src/CarterOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uniFB01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_03.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/laomuangkhong/LaoMuangKhong-Regular.lao.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Q_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/armata/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/b_.glif.i
data/ofl/emblemaone/OFL.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.osf.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i_dieresis.glif.i
data/actor/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/lobster/Lobster.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/federo/Federo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0423.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/te-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/apache/notonaskharabic/NotoNaskhArabic-Bold.ttf.i
data/apache/notonaskharabic/NotoNaskhArabic-Bold.ttf.d
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasBI.latin.ttf.nam.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/lilyscript/src/Lily Script poster.pdf.i
data/iconic/src/mail.svg.i
data/khmer/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinasketch/LondrinaSketch-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/walterturncoat/APACHE2.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE04B.glyph.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni030F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/hennypenny/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/gravitasone/src/GravitasOne.vfb.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ampersand.glyph.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_5.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/cantoraone/CantoraOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/f_t.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cantoraone/CantoraOne-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ebgaramond/EBGaramond-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/apache/aclonica/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/Cabin-SemiBold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.ss01.glif.i
data/gruppox/METADATA.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-ThinItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular-test.html.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/federant/src/Federant-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/spicyrice-internal/SpicyRice-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_2.glif.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/test_files/cyr_caps.jpg.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/test_files/cyr_caps.jpg.d
data/bigshotone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasR.menu.i
data/ofl/kronaone/KronaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/crimsontext/CrimsonText-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/designers/eben_sorkin/eben_sorkin.jpg.i
data/ofl/martelsans/MartelSans-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/unifraktur.mif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/portlligatsans/md5sum.i
data/ofl/bilboswashcaps/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_232.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Aacute.modern2.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/oswald/Oswald.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/londrinashadow/LondrinaShadow-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.case.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/Sources/GenBkBasR.vfb.i
data/ofl/cabin/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/goudybookletter1911/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.menu.i
data/sail/src/Sail-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/features.fea.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/paytoneone/src/PaytoneOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/gorditas/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/margarine/Margarine-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0424.glif.i
data/ofl/passionone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/paytoneone/src/PaytoneOne.vfb.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/shcha-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/merriweather/md5sum.i
data/iconic/src/x.svg.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/de-cy.glif.i
data/walterturncoat/md5sum.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/src/SourceCodePro-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.case.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-BoldCondensedItalic.greek.i
data/tienne/src/Tienne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/monacal/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/Keyman/EZRAUNI24.kmx.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBasic-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/yacute.smcp.glif.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Numbers/sketch2961755.png.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/miama/src/Miama.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bp.util.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020B_.glif.i
data/ofl/homenaje/OFL.txt.i
data/devonshire/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/five.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_057.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ffi.glif.i
data/apache/notosansdevanagariui/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/marcellussc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/Roboto-Condensed.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/orienta/Orienta-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/fresca/Fresca-Regular.latin.i
data/apache/smokum/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_60.glif.i
data/passionone/src/PassionOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/istokweb/IstokWeb-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Regular.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/astloch/Astloch-Bold.latin.i
data/spirax/Spirax-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Regular.menu.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_186.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/oleoscript/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/Nobile-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/terminaldosis/src/TerminalDosis-ExtraBold.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/lateef/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/src/OFLGoudyStM-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/g_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-BlackItalic.latin.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.smcp.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-SemiboldItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/alfaslabone/src/AlfaSlabOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/alfaslabone/src/AlfaSlabOne-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/medulaone/MedulaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ereversed-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/t.glyph.i
data/boogaloo/Boogaloo-Regular.latin.i
data/apache/yellowtail/src/Yellowtail-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold-unhinted.ttf.i
data/ofl/coustard/Coustard-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni04BA_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_231.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/marcellussc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_.glif.i
data/ofl/butchermancaps/ButchermanCaps-Regular.latin.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/ofl/portlligatslab/PortLligatSlab-Regular.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/portlligatsans/src/PortLligatSans-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/InknutAntiqua-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/thabit/METADATA.i
data/ofl/gildadisplay/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Aslash.glyph.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-CondensedItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/Cabin-MM.vfb.i
data/ofl/mrdehaviland/src/MrDeHaviland-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/merriweather/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Y_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/overlocksc/src/OverlockSC-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/gabriela/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/bubblegumsans/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/eczar/Eczar-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/fanwoodtext/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/poly/Poly-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_macron.glif.i
data/designers/raph_levien/BIO.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/sancreek/Sancreek-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.case.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/gentium/GentiumAlt-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/esteban/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ygrave.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/droidserifthai/DroidSerifThai-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/syncopate/src/Syncopate-Regular-VTT.ttf.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Thin.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif.i
data/mrssheppards/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/coveredbyyourgrace/src/CoveredByYourGrace-TTF.sfd.i
data/gudea/src/Gudea-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/tangerine/Tangerine_Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/R_commaaccent.glif.i
data/diplomatasc/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display A4 specimen.indd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iishort-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display A4 specimen.indd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emptyset.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/tulpenone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/gravecomb.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/anticslab/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-LightItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/x.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/caladea/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/amaranth/Amaranth.ttf.i
data/vidaloka/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/be-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oldenburg/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/hennypenny/src/HennyPenny-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/kalam/Kalam-Light.devanagari.d
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/petitformalscript/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/contrailone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/src/Jura-Regular.otf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/k_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/VesperLibre-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/droidsansethiopic/LICENSE.txt.i
data/playball/METADATA.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/src/Caudex-Bold.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/src/Caudex-Bold.sfd.d
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_F.plate.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_235.i
data/ofl/petitformalscript/src/Release-v1.1.png.i
data/vidaloka/src/Vidaloka-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Cursive.latin.ttf.nam.i
data/ofl/sreekrushnadevaraya/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-SemiboldItalic.ttf.d
data/moulpali/Moulpali.ttf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni041B_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ffi.glif.i
data/ofl/fjordone/FjordOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-SemiboldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/engagement/Engagement-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-BoldItalic.thai.i
data/ofl/varela/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.ss01.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/kottaone/KottaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_grave.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/jollylodger/JollyLodger-Regular.menu.i
data/deliusswashcaps/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041D_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/vollkorn/Vollkorn-Bold.ttf.i
data/trochut/OFL.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/monsieurladoulaise/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2219.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/newGlyph_.glif.i
data/apache/droidserifthai/DroidSerifThai-Bold.thai.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/contrailone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/vibur/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/buda/METADATA.json.i
data/apache/roboto/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/designers/claus_eggers_sorenson/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/lemon/Lemon-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/ovo/src/Ovo-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/brawler/src/Brawler.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/newscycle/NewsCycle-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/ericaone/EricaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/camby/OFL.txt.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Regular.devanagari.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/sha-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/bayon/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/portlligatslab/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Regular.devanagari.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/leaguegothic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/charissil/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/stintultracondensed/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.smcp.glif.i
data/goblinone/src/GoblinOne.otf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_101.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/a.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/racingsansone/src/RacingSansOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/butcherman/src/Butcherman-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/cagliostro/Cagliostro-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/butcherman/src/Butcherman-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/varela/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/orbitron/src/Orbitron-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/carterone/md5sum.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellenglish/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B5_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acutecomb.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-Book.latin.i
data/adventpro/src/AdventPro-SemiBold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/gidugu/OFL.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/rationale/src/Rationale-Regular.otf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_1.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/AlmendraSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/goblinone/GoblinOne.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/zero.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/src/LibreBaskerville-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/unifrakturcook/UnifrakturCook-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020d_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/irishgrover/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/rosarivo/Rosarivo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/molengo/src/xgf/.svn/entries.i
data/ofl/sarala/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/kottaone/src/KottaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/brawler/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tse-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0066006B_.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/brunoacesc/src/BrunoAceSC-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.smcp.glif.i
data/blackopsone/src/BlackOpsOne.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/petrona/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Italic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/apache/droidsansthai/EARLY_ACCESS.css.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.smcp.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/italiana/src/Italiana-Regular.otf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/allerta/src/Allerta-Regular.vfb.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B1_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/megrim/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_acute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/G_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/R_acute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/allura/src/Allura-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/sansation/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/andika/src/AndikaBasicR-FAQ-KI.txt.i
data/ofl/lilyscript/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_56.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/mclaren/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenic.greek.d
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenic.greek.i
data/ofl/ribeyemarrow/src/RibeyeMarrow-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/kopubbatangpro/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/kopubbatangpro/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/threeperemspace.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/doppioone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni04B0_.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_f_h.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/lobster/src/Lobster-Cyrillic-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_r_.glif.i
data/ofl/cuprum/menusubset-cuprum.ff.i
data/ofl/lobster/src/Lobster-Cyrillic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.ss01.glif.i
data/asset/Asset.menu.i
data/ofl/ruda/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/crimson/METADATA.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/tienne/Tienne-Heavy.ttf.i
data/dosis/Dosis-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/src/JosefinSlab-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/one.superior.glyph.i
data/apache/permanentmarker/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/asap/src/Asap-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/sofadione/src/SofadiOne-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/ribeye/src/Ribeye-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tbar.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/meriendaone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Light.ttf.d
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/gudea/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.subs.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041D_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0490.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/6.plate.i
data/ofl/rosario/src/Rosario-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/questrial/src/Questrial-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/pe-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_.glif.i
data/francoisone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/src/RobotoSlab-Thin.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/coveredbyyourgrace/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/cardo/src/Manual98a.pdf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.greek+latin.i
data/frederickathegreat/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_0B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/simonetta/Simonetta-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Medium.devanagari.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Medium.devanagari.d
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/allan/src/Allan-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/niconne/Niconne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/src/YanoneKaffeesatz-Light.otf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/rugeboogie/src/RugeBoogie-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/src/LibreCaslonText-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-LightItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-LightItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/bonbon/src/Bonbon-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/unlock/src/Unlock-Regular.otf.i
data/karla/src/Karla-Regular-MM.vfb.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/obreve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/Amaranth-Regular.latin.i
data/amethysta/Amethysta-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/passionone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ezra/src/mappings/WLC2sfm.cct.i
data/apache/notoseriflao/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_187.i
data/apache/notosanstaiviet/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Regular.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ubuntumono/src/SOURCES.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0412.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/Montserrat-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/kadwa/Kadwa-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_circumflex.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/alike/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/designers/ascender/BIO.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_4.glif.i
data/missfajardose/src/MissFajardose-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_02.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/ofl/sniglet/src/Sniglet-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/economica/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/apache/smokum/Smokum-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/src/Nobile.sfd.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/pinyonscript/md5sum.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_6_uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/bitter/src/Bitter-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_dieresis.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/puritan/src/ben_weiner.jpg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bubblerone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-BoldItalic.greek.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/comfortaa/src/donate.html.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uniFB02.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/leaguescript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/src/AlmendraSC-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/frijole/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/alike/src/Alike-Regular.otf.i
data/chango/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Em-cy_.glif.i
data/handlee/src/Handlee-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/I_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_058.i
data/arbutus/md5sum.i
data/ofl/angkor/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10109.glif.i
data/sortsmillgoudy-deprecated/src/OFL-FAQ.txt.i
data/ofl/monacal/Monacal-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/arvo/Arvo-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/playball/Playball-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_e_.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-LightItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/pompiere/src/Pompiere-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/denkone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0424.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/uncialantiqua/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/yellowtail/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/quantico/src/Quantico-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/miltonian/src/MiltonianTattoo-Regular.otf.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/montserrat/Montserrat-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/buda/Buda-Light.menu.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Italic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/taprom/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/portlligatslab/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/fascinateinline/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10040.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Italic.ttf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.smcp.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni020F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/marckscript/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/niconne/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/sniglet/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/notosanskufiarabic/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/cantarell/src/eot/Cantarell-Italic.eot.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/sharetech/ShareTech-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/allerta/src/AllertaStencil-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/sueellenfrancisco/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/nje-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/jsmath/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10060.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserifcaption/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/mrssheppards/MrsSheppards-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/butchermancaps/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/VesperLibre-Regular.latin.i
data/terminaldosis/src/TerminalDosis-Medium.otf.i
data/gentiumplus/GentiumPlus-Italic.ttf.i
data/apache/droidsansethiopic/DroidSansEthiopic-Bold.ttf.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.vietnamese.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/lilitaone/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/simonetta/Simonetta-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/marckscript/MarckScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/gacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/arvo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/russoone/METADATA.i
data/redressed/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/marckscript/src/MarckScript-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/spinnaker/src/Spinnaker-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/adieresis.alt.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ereversed-cy.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-SemiBoldItalic.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/vampiroone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/eater/Eater-Regular.latin.i
data/iconic/src/reload_alt.svg.i
data/ofl/eater/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/adventpro/src/AdventPro-ExtraLight.otf.i
data/josefinslab/src/JosefinSlab-Thin-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/iconic/src/lock_fill.svg.i
data/allerta/src/AllertaStencil-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/unicaone/src/UnicaOne-Regular-Specimen.jpg.i
data/didactgothic/DidactGothic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/nje-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/modernantiqua/ModernAntiqua-Regular.latin.i
data/cabin/src/Cabin-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/autourone/src/AutourOne-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/oldstandard/OldStandard-Bold.menu2.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/C_R_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/fascinateinline/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosislight/TerminalDosis-Light.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_010.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/josefinslab/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/en-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.001.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/debian/compat.i
data/ofl/kenia/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/andika/web/Andika-webfont-example.css.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Black.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/.directory.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Black.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-Book.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/esteban/Esteban-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/tagoni/src/Tagoni-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/tradewinds/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/monacal/src/Monacal-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/sixcaps/SixCaps.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_9.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/Wallpoet-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_bar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-OTF/Raleway-ExtraLight-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/muli/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraLight.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/megrim/Megrim.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/oleoscript/src/OleoScript-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/fondamento/Fondamento-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/cookie/Cookie-Regular.ttf.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Regular.ttf.i
data/giveyouglory/.~lock.a.csv#.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/felltypes/FeDPsc27P.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumbrushscript/EARLY_ACCESS.html.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/spicyrice/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif.i
data/trochut/src/Trochut-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/marmelad/src/Marmelad-Regular.otf.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/MountainsofChristmas.menu.i
data/goudybookletter1911/GoudyBookletter1911.ttf.i
data/apache/roboto-prod2/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/breeserif/BreeSerif-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yi-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/sharetechmono/ShareTechMono-Regular.ttf.i
data/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Italic.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/acute.case.glif.i
data/ofl/croissantone/CroissantOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/federant/src/Federant-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/prostoone/ProstoOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/src/Jura-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/mrbedford/MrBedfort-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/archivoblack/ArchivoBlack-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/jura/src/Jura-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.devanagari.d
data/misssaintdelafield-internal/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/spiral/src/Spiral-Regular.otf.i
data/bowlbyone/src/BowlbyOneSC-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_02.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/paprika/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/gudea/src/Gudea-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/pollerone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/sansitaone/SansitaOne.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/y.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/droidsansthai/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00630074.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/copse/Copse-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/spicyrice/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/GenBasR.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/gentium/md5sum.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/VERSION.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/arrowright.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/bonbon/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/martel/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/chewy/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/rubikone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_j_.glif.i
data/italiana/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/markoone/MarkoOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/gildadisplay/src/GildaDisplay-Regular.otf.i
data/corben/Corben-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch29617393.png.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/rammettoone/OFL.txt.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_5_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/tools/freetype-bci-font/README.txt.i
data/ofl/share/Share-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/cevicheone/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/walterturncoat/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/notosanstelugu/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/LifeSavers-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/sharetech/src/ShareTechMono-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cantataone/CantataOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_4.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020e_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-CondLight.latin.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/lilitaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/andada/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/obreve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/galdeano/Galdeano-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/chicle/Chicle-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Black.menu.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansbrahmi/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/belleza/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/lancelot/Lancelot-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Black.menu.i
data/mrssheppards/src/MrsSheppards-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.dnom.glif.i
data/podkova/Podkova-Regular.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/apostrophe.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/happymonkey/src/HappyMonkey-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/francoisone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/molengo/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/pompiere/Pompiere-Regular.menu.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/times.plate.i
data/bowlbyone/OFL.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/miltonian/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/loveyalikeasister/METADATA.json.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/righteous/Righteous-Regular.latin.i
data/portlligatsans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/creteround/src/CreteRound-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/gentium/src/Gentium_RU_spec.pdf.i
data/ofl/cardo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/gentium/src/Gentium_RU_spec.pdf.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/arvo/src/Arvo_Fontlab/Arvo_MM_sorce/Arvo_ita_MM_54_b_sorce.vfb.i
data/ofl/monoton/Monoton-Regular.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/karlatamilupright/orig/KarlaTamilUpright-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/nixieone/NixieOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/ofl/bonbon/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Medium.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/udieresiscaron.glif.i
data/simonetta/src/Simonetta-BlackItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/junge/METADATA.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/lemon/src/Lemon-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/tienne/src/Tienne-Heavy.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/VTT/Bevan_VTT - Copy.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10074.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/n_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-SemiBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/monoton/src/Monoton-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/clara/Clara-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/allura/src/Allura-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/bowlbyone/src/BowlbyOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/leaguescript/src/LeagueScript.bak.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/andika/sources/graphite/README.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0405.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/voces/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/src/Martel-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/florin.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/Amaranth-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/ruslandisplay/RuslanDisplay.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/filled2.JPG.i
data/ofl/bubblegumsans/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/filled2.JPG.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_8.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_1e_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/atomicage/src/AtomicAge-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/contrailone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/muli/src/Muli-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/meriendaone/src/MeriendaOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/tools/ttfautohint/ttfautohint002.exe.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni2206.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_018.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Regular.ttf.d
data/tools/ttfautohint/ttfautohint002.exe.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_100.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/quicksand/src/Quicksand-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/fontdinerswanky/FontdinerSwanky.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_2.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.glif.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/apache/cousine/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s_caron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/cutive/.git/hooks/post-commit.sample.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/jimnightshade/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Umacron.glyph.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.latin-ext.d
data/marmelad/md5sum.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ij.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/jimnightshade/JimNightshade-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/designers/sil_international/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/suwannaphum/Suwannaphum.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/marvel/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/breeserif/BreeSerif-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/nats/METADATA.json.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/ezra/src/mappings/se2tr_2007.cct.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_209.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/Nobile-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/flamenco/Flamenco-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/quotesinglbase.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/fascinate/src/Fascinate-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E1E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/src/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/nanumbrushscript/README.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/bin/makegdl.i
data/bubblerone/BubblerOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/creepstercaps/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_048.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/z_caron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/src/CabinCondensed-Medium-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/gentium/src/README.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/bracketright.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_2.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0307.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/omacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021b_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/MontserratAlternates-Black.menu.i
data/bigshotone/md5sum.i
data/calligraffiti/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/three.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasB.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.otf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/alike/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/felipa/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_207.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/tools/lint/src/com/google/lint/common/Severity.java.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Regular.ttf.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Regular.ttf.d
data/geostar/src/GeostarFill-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/jokal/src/Jokal-Regular.otf.i
data/andikabasic/AndikaBasic-Regular.ttf.d
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/andikabasic/AndikaBasic-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/overlocksc/src/OverlockSC-Regular.otf.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/o_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_238.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ef-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/donegalone/src/DonegalOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/euphoriascript/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ezrasil/src/SILEOT.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/neucha/Neucha.ttf.d
data/ofl/rambla/src/Rambla-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/averiaserifgwf/AveriaSerifGWF-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/neucha/Neucha.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Scircumflex.glyph.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_3.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/flamenco/Flamenco-Regular.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Bold.menu.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_207.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Bold.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/battambang/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/marckscript/MarckScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif.i
data/ofl/arvo/src/Arvo_VTT/Arvo_rom_bold_19beta_1_4.ttf.i
data/designers/daniel_j_johnson/BIO.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/newrocker/src/NewRocker-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Obreve_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/macron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesans/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/gelasio/src/Gelasio-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Thin.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dalet-hb.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/ofl/neucha/src/Neucha.vfb.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gheupturn-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ymacron.modern.glyph.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/modernantiqua/ModernAntiqua-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-SemiboldItalic.vietnamese+latin.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/geo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/rufina/src/Rufina-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/lohitbengali/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/src/TTFBconfig.xml.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/Montserrat-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.smcp.glif.i
data/londrinasolid/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oxygen/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-Light.devanagari.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/monsieurladoulaise/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_40.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/quicksand/src/Quicksand-LightItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/margarine/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/v_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/allerta/src/Allerta-Kit.ai.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/apache/specialelite/SpecialElite.latin.i
data/handlee/src/Handlee-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_ogonek.glif.i
data/neucha/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/yellowtail/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/t_y.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/apache/sunshiney/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/fjallaone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/METADATA.orig.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/lekton/src/LektonBold034.otf.i
data/loversquarrel/OFL.txt.i
data/bowlbyone/src/BowlbyOne.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/marcellussc/METADATA.json.i
data/almendrasc/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Otilde.glyph.i
data/durusans/src/DuruSans-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-kern.fea.i
data/ofl/metrophobic/Metrophobic.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/A_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/telex/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/newscycle/src/subset.sh.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/five.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-SemiBoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/tagoni/Tagoni-Regular.ttf.i
data/ropasans/src/RopaSans-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_1.glif.i
data/sunshiney/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/prata/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BoldItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/apache/notosansthai/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/redactedscript/RedactedScript-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041D_.glif.i
data/comingsoon/LICENSE.txt.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/pe-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/italianno/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/astloch/Astloch-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Book.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/arrowright.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/metrophobic/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020b_.glif.i
data/apache/smokum/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0424.glif.i
data/ofl/kristi/Kristi.latin.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/goudybookletter1911/src/GoudyBookletter1911.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/softsign-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-SemiboldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/annieuseyourtelescope/AnnieUseYourTelescope.ttf.d
data/annieuseyourtelescope/AnnieUseYourTelescope.ttf.i
data/felltypes/IMFeDPit28P.menu.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Italic.otf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/merriweather/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.latin.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.latin.d
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_1.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/share/Share-Bold.latin.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Bold.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/acute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/rubikmonoone/RubikMonoOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/two.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/megrim/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/q.plate.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_9.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/battambang/Battambang-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/Cinzel-Black.latin.i
data/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-BI-hinting.ttf.i
data/lohit-bengali/Lohit-Bengali.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_036.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Q_.ss01.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/chauphilomeneone/src/ChauPhilomeneOne-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/vidaloka/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/ewert/src/Ewert-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/passionone/PassionOne-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/redacted/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/fredokaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/apache/notosanscherokee/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/megrim/Megrim.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/economica/Economica-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/puritan/Puritan-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/e_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/smokum/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/R_acute.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/moulpali/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/circumflex.cap.plate.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0200.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0429.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE06E.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_038.i
data/lekton/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/Quantico-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/src/GFSNeohellenicBold.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Iu-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-L-hinting.ttf.d
data/jura/Jura-Regular.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/src/Quattrocento-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/cedarvillecursive/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gravitasone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_1E_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/gentium/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/happymonkey/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/buenard/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/zhe-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/fjallaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasR.ttf.i
data/ofl/headlandone/src/HeadlandOne-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/magra/METADATA.i
data/ofl/headlandone/src/HeadlandOne-Regular-OTF.sfd.d
data/apache/notosansshavian/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/euphoriascript/src/EuphoriaScript-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/dancingscript/src/DancingScript-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-Bold.devanagari.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/squadaone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/quicksand/src/Quicksand-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dq.util.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/six.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_b__uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/headlandone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/puraleckanarrow/PuraleckaNarrow-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/puraleckanarrow/PuraleckaNarrow-Bold.ttf.i
data/dorsa/Dorsa-Regular.ttf.i
data/petrona/src/Petrona-Regular.vfb.i
data/charissil/CharisSIL-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/trochut/Trochut-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/asap/Asap-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/vollkorn/Vollkorn-Bold.menu.i
data/sail/src/Sail-Regular-OTF.vfb.d
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/sail/src/Sail-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/preahvihear/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/caladea/Caladea-Italic.menu.i
data/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/lemonone/LemonOne-Regular.menu.i
data/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Regular.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_0.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_acute.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_052.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-SemiBold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/novaoval/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/habibi/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-MediumItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/j.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/hanalei/src/Hanalei-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/hanalei/src/Hanalei-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/two.superior.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni20B9_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/passionone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_circumflex.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-BoldCondensed.greek.i
data/ofl/glegoo/Glegoo-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/thabit/EXTENSION.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/quotesingle.plate.i
data/ofl/patrickhand/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ffl.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/five.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_0.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Light.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/glassantiqua/src/GlassAntiqua-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/designers/lars_berggren/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/hammersmith/src/Hammersmith-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/iceberg/Iceberg-Regular.latin.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/apache/ultra/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/sofadione/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/prata/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/contrail/Contrail-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/holtwoodonesc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/andika/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/src/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-bold002.ttf.i
data/ofl/oldenburg/Oldenburg-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0402.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Regular.devanagari.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Regular.devanagari.d
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/zero.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/allerta/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/armata/Armata-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/mrdehaviland/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/nunito/Nunito-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.ttf.d
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-LightItalic.otf.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.ttf.i
data/lancelot/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/peralta/src/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/kje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni020a_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/fanwoodtext/METADATA.i
data/ofl/pompiere/Pompiere-Regular.menu.i
data/ebgaramond/src/specimen/Specimen.tex.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/deliusswashcaps/md5sum.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/five.glyph.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_0.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/oflsortsmillgoudytt/OFLGoudyStMTT-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/sedan/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/tools/nonhinting/setgasp-fontforge.py.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/gfsdidot/md5sum.i
data/adamina/src/Adamina-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Itilde_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/two.numr.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton_OT.fea.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/unlock/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.greek-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/y_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/andika/Andika-R.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/anticdidone/src/AnticDidone-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/o.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/anticdidone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/imfellfrenchcanonsc/IMFeFCsc28P.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/shadowsintolight/src/ShadowsIntoLight.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/five.sups.glif.i
data/ofl/artifika/src/Artifika-Regular.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/kameron/src/Kameron-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/lohitbengali/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/cabin/Cabin-Regular.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/six.subs.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/fondamento/Fondamento-Italic.latin.i
data/holtwoodheavy/OFL.txt.i
data/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/MontserratAlternates-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/signika/Signika-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ibreve.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/foundryicon.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/apostrophe.glif.i
data/tenorsans/src/TenorSans-Regular.vfb.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/sourceserifpro/README.i
data/quando/Quando-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_41.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/src/Tinos-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/tinos/src/Tinos-Bold.ttf.d
data/rosario/Rosario-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/mousememoirs/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/luckiestguy/LuckiestGuy-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/humorsans/HumorSans-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.smcp.glif.i
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/oleoscript/OleoScript-Bold.latin.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/forum/Forum-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/alefhebrew/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/tienne/src/Tienne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/f_ij.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/A_.ss01.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/nobile_medium.latin.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni0200.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/acute.loclPLK_.case.glif.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/src/CabinCondensed-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/podkova/Podkova-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Black.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/podkova/Podkova-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/estimated.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/cuprum/src/Cuprum-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020a_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0237.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c__uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/textmeone/src/TextMeOne-Regular.otf.i
data/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf.d
data/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/revalia/src/Revalia-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/carterone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/g.ss01.glif.i
data/varela/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_circumflex.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/sortsmillgoudy/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif.i
data/bilboswashcaps/md5sum.i
data/anticslab/src/AnticSlab-Regular.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_97.glif.i
data/averiasanslibre/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/novamono/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_6A_.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0403.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansimperilaramaic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_124.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansmeeteimayek/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni020F.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/brunoace/BrunoAce-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_tilde.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.greek.d
data/ofl/mergeone/src/MergeOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/e_uro.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/rubikone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/phetsarath/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/butterflykids/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/mrdafoe/MrDafoe-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/QuicksandDot-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/corben/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/rufina/src/Rufina-Bold-OTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/apostrophe.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/molengo/src/generate.pe.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/boogaloo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/lindenhill/md5sum.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/voces/METADATA.i
data/ofl/tienne/src/Tienne-Heavy.otf.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/src/PathwayGothicOne-Regular-specimen.jpg.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/parisienne/Parisienne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/adventpro/src/AdventPro-SemiBold.otf.i
data/ofl/autourone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/nonmarkingreturn.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/overlock/Overlock-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/t_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.util.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/OFL.txt.i
data/maguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.mif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/crimsontext/CrimsonText-SemiboldItalic.menu.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Italic-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/quotesingle.glyph.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0092.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-Regular.devanagari.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/Inconsolata-Bold.menu.i
data/metrophobic/src/Metrophobic.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Scircumflex.modern.glyph.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/tangerine/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.latin.i
data/thabit/Thabit-BoldOblique.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/iceland/Iceland-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/misssaintdelafield/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/ofl/kopubbatangpro/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/thabit/VERSION.i
data/lateef/md5sum.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Thin.ttf.i
data/ofl/josefinsansstdlight/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.greek.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Thin.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_.glif.i
data/butcherman/Butcherman-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/four.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gje-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/src/YanoneKaffeesatz-Bold.otf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/lakkireddy/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/courgette/Courgette-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/geostar/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Black-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/inika/Inika-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/LibreCaslonText-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/five.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/terminaldosislight/METADATA.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cantarell/src/eot/Cantarell-Bold.eot.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0403.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/andika/src/README.txt.i
data/nixieone/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/syncopate/METADATA.json.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/iceland/Iceland-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ruslanpro/src/RuslanOne-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ruslanpro/src/RuslanOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_6.glif.i
data/audiowide/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/trochut/Trochut-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/rumraisin/src/RumRaisin-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramondSC_GSUBs.fea.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-SemiBold.greek.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/prata/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/playfairdisplay/src/Fontlab/Truetype/Generated TT-OTF/With modified GASP table/PlayfairDisplay-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/endash.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/foursuperior.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/clara/METADATA.i
data/walterturncoat/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/anton/Anton.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/londrinaoutline/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/gelasio/Gelasio-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.korean.d
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/SeoulHangangCondensed-Bold.korean.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/gorditas/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Regular.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/montaga/Montaga-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/audiowide/src/Audiowide-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_3.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_081.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/kottaone/KottaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Regular.otf.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0AC.glyph.i
data/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Light-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/nosifercaps/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/missfajardose/METADATA.i
data/expletussans/src/ExpletusSans-Semibold.vfb.i
data/ofl/crimsontext/CrimsonText-Semibold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_00.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/lohit-tamil/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/v_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/corben/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/j.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/e-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif.i
data/ofl/lilitaone/LilitaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/U_breve.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasBI.latin-ext.log.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/ofl/meiescript/src/MeieScript-Regular.otf.i
data/titanone/TitanOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni2116.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Bold.menu.i
data/ovo/Ovo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/puritan/Puritan-Regular.latin.i
data/newbasilea/NewBasileaSerif.ttf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/z_.glif.i
data/macondoswashcaps/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/revalia/Revalia-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/jaldi/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/kdamthmor/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/thabit/Thabit-Oblique.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/euro.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/greatvibes/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-HeavyItalic-ttf.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Italic.greek.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/droid/src/DroidSerif-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/O_breve.glif.i
data/arvo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/sharetech/src/ShareTech-Regular.vfbak.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/tuffy/src/Tuffy-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HairlineItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/ruda/Ruda-Bold.ttf.i
data/inika/Inika-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_.glif.i
data/ofl/brawler/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0B3.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/U-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/gochihand/GochiHand-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/abel/md5sum.i
data/ofl/armata/OFL.txt.i
data/arvo/Arvo-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/justmeagaindownhere/JustMeAgainDownHere.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_03.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/sail/Sail-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/monacal/Monacal-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/ofl/copse/Copse-Regular.latin.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/three.subs.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_174.i
data/ofl/nobile/src/Nobile_Bold.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/k_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-Unmerged Source/Raleway-ExtraLight.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cookie/src/Cookie-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/galdeano/src/Galdeano-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/ofl/wendyone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cardo/src/Cardo-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/almendra/src/Almendra-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/mallanna/Mallanna-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cardo/src/Cardo-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/apache/notosansgujarati/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_9.glif.i
data/patuaone/PatuaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/mrbedfort/src/MrBedfort-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0423.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/julee/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ubuntu/src/SOURCES.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/skranji/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/mallanna/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-feature.fea.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/oe.glyph.i
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/holtwoodonesc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_5.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-Medium.ttf.d
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Semibold.devanagari.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/d.smcp.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/LifeSavers-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif.i
data/quicksand/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/denkone/src/DenkOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_041.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Medium.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/volkhov/Volkhov-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/aftasansthin/src/AftaSerifThin-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/tenorsans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni009b_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/lohitdevanagari/Lohit-Devanagari.menu.i
data/lobster/Lobster.ttf.i
data/lobster/Lobster.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ze-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/paprika/Paprika-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hbar.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni00AD.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ubuntu/src/Ubuntu-R-designsource.vfb.d
data/caudex/md5sum.i
data/apache/notosansmandaic/NotoSansMandaic-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-OTF/Raleway-Bold-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/khmer/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/monda/Monda-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ExtraLight.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/oregano/src/Oregano-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-Unmerged Source/Raleway-ExtraLight-Italic.vfb.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_ring.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_1.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/wireone/src/WireOne-TTF-c.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/careof.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/josefinsans/OFL.txt.i
data/kaushanscript/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/bp.util.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_185.i
data/play/Play-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/autourone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/sharetechmono/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Italic.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/n_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/stintultraexpanded/src/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/cousine/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGSC_classes.fea.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_044.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Caption.menu.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/codystar/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/droidsansthai/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/fruktur/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/cantarell/Cantarell-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/fugazone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/asap/src/Asap_Specimen.pdf.i
data/ofl/sedansc/SedanSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/asap/src/Asap_Specimen.pdf.d
data/greatvibes/GreatVibes-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/e_t.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif.i
data/ofl/codacaption/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0428.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/patrickhandsc/PatrickHandSC-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/alef/src/Alef-Webfont/Alef-bold.html.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0215.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/AlmendraSC-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/capriola/Capriola-Regular.ttf.i
data/tangerine/md5sum.i
data/ofl/matesc/MateSC-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/preahvihear/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/istok/IstokWeb-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/miltonian/src/MiltonianTattoo-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/pinyonscript/src/PinyonScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/pinyonscript/src/PinyonScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Regular.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBasic-Bold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/reeniebeanie/src/Typeco Recreational License.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/caron.case.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/src/Fontlab/Truetype/Playfair display italic TT FL HANDHINT 48.vfb.d
data/capriola/Capriola-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/iu-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/sonsieone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/herrvonmuellerhoff/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_G.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tbar.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_J.plate.i
data/tools/lint/runall.sh.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/designers/raph_levien/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/spinnaker/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/Montserrat-Bold-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Medium.ttf.i
data/emilyscandy/EmilysCandy-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/trochut/Trochut-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/c.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/metalmania/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/durusans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/prociono/Prociono-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/apache/irishgrover/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_208.i
data/unna/METADATA.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10054.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/ledger/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/pe-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/kaffeesatz/src/YanoneKaffeesatz-Thin.ttf.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/LibreCaslonText-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/thegirlnextdoor/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/grandhotel/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_circumflex.glif.i
data/anticdidone/src/AnticDidone-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/warnes/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/crushed/src/Crushed.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/voces/src/Voces-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/Nobile-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/mysteryquest/METADATA.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/missfajardose/MissFajardose-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.dnom.glif.i
data/terminaldosislight/TerminalDosis-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/m_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/bangers/Bangers.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/puraleckanarrow/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/oneeighth.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/m_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0C1.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/apache/slackey/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/vibur/OFL.txt.i
data/puritan/src/ben_weiner.tif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/designers/matt_mcinerney/BIO.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/dellarespira/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/humorsans/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ptserif/src/PTF55F_W.svg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/cantarell/src/eot/Cantarell-Italic.eot.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.smcp.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/prostoone/src/ProstoOne-Regular-kern_classes.flc.i
data/ofl/alike/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/trochut/Trochut-Bold-hinted.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_circumflex.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0215.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Regular.greek.i
data/nothingyoucoulddo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_d_.glif.i
data/swankyandmoomoo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/shcha-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/Sources/GenBasI.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/kreon/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/kameron/Kameron-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/InknutAntiqua-Light.menu.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/tillana/Tillana-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/concertone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/tillana/Tillana-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-UltraLight.devanagari.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/capriola/src/Capriola-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.menu.d
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni021B.glif.i
data/sancreek/Sancreek-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/at.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-italic002.menu2.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/six.glyph.i
data/sirinstencil/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/alegreya/Alegreya-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/apache/notosanscherokee/NotoSansCherokee-Regular.ttf.i
data/ericaone/EricaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/chauphilomeneone/METADATA.i
data/italianno/Italianno-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/sigmarone/src/SigmarOne.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/gje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/markoone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_0A_.glif.i
data/ofl/almendra/Almendra-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/convergence/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/ai_files/underdog_letters_correction.ai.i
data/overlock/Overlock-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/ai_files/underdog_letters_correction.ai.d
data/ofl/librebaskerville/src/LibreBaskerville-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_61.glif.i
data/dosis/Dosis-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/cyrillic+latin.nam.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Bold.latin.i
data/kameron/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/pompiere/src/Pompiere-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HeavyItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/pacifico/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni2206.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/codacaption/src/Coda-Caption-Heavy.sfd.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-ExtraLight.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Medium.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/ruthie/src/Ruthie-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/DblEnc.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Lower Case/sketch29615121.png.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_a_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/antic/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif.i
data/ofl/kaushanscript/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/akronim/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ribeye/Ribeye-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ruthie/md5sum.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/peralta/Peralta-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/juliussansone/JuliusSansOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/geostar/Geostar-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/durusans/DuruSans-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/quicksand/Quicksand-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/lora/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/shortstack/METADATA.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/e_th.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch29617483.png.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w_.glif.i
data/glassantiqua/src/GlassAntiqua-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_1E_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/marmelad/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Semibold.menu.i
data/ofl/crimsontext/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/hbar.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/apache/calligraffitti/Calligraffiti.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/simonetta/Simonetta-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/poiretone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/o_grave.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/alegreya/Alegreya-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexhei/src/cwTeXHei-ofl.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/coda/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexhei/src/cwTeXHei-ofl.ttf.i
data/ofl/nunito/src/Nunito-Bold.vfb.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Bold.greek-ext+latin.log.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/cabincondensed/src/CabinCondensed-Medium-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/h_bar.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/matesc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-Regular.devanagari.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-Regular.devanagari.d
data/exo/Exo-SemiBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_57.glif.i
data/droidsansthai/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/devonshire/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/oleoscript/src/OleoScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/enriqueta/src/Enriqueta-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/designers/sideshow/BIO.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/didactgothic/DidactGothic.ttf.i
data/ofl/passeroone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/contrailone/src/ContrailOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/src/SourceSansPro-ExtraLightIt.otf.i
data/designers/birgit_pulk/BIO.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/nosifer/src/Nosifer-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/shadowsintolight/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular-hinting_source.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/andada/Andada-Regular.latin.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_commaaccent.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/unie_001.glif.i
data/magra/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/magra/src/Magra-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.case.glif.i
data/ofl/karma/METADATA.json.i
data/nosifercaps/NosiferCaps-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/sterling.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/quattrocento/Quattrocento-Bold.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/lohitdevanagari/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/concertone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/lilitaone/LilitaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/whitesquare.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Italic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_4_uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/averiasansgwf/AveriaSansGWF-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/eatercaps/EaterCaps-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c__uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/mako/Mako-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/Oswald-Light.latin-ext.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/Oswald-Light.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/ofl/clickerscript/ClickerScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/t.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Semibold.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/kameron/src/Kameron-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/pragatinarrow/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/pragatinarrow/PragatiNarrow-Regular.ttf.d
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.numr.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uniFB01.glif.i
data/ofl/arvo/Arvo-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/josefinslab/src/JosefinSlab-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_H.glyph.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/adamina/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/engagement/md5sum.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Regular.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/kaushanscript/KaushanScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_5.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_82.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/overlock/src/Overlock-Black-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/src/OpenSans-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B0_.glif.i
data/ofl/khula/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.menu.i
data/homenaje/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/headlandone/HeadlandOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0490.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Udieresiscaron_.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/src/TerminalDosis-Medium-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/share/src/shareosf/src/Share-BoldItalicOSF.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/alikeangular/AlikeAngular-Regular.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/novaslim/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/metamorphous/Metamorphous-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsansstdlight/JosefinSansStd-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/fredokaone/METADATA.json.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/aubrey/Aubrey-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/tangerine/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/menusubset-kufi.ff.i
data/ofl/berkshireswash/BerkshireSwash-Regular.menu.i
data/newbasileaserif/NewBasileaSerif.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0412.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2010.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/akronim/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10027.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_d__uni0e_b_2.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/src/Inconsesi-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/galindo/Galindo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-SemiBoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-LightItalic.latin.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasR.latin.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_106.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h_bar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/six.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Light.latin-ext.i
data/londrinasketch/OFL.txt.i
data/iconic/src/check_alt.svg.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/contrailone/ContrailOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/LifeSavers-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/sniglet/src/Sniglet Specimen - Regular Lowercase.png.i
data/tools/bbox/vmetpwd.sh.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/LifeSavers-Regular.vfb.d
data/novaslim/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/er-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/src/Quattrocento-Regular.vfb.i
data/apache/droidsans/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/indieflower/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/varelaround/src/VarelaRound-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/belleza/src/Belleza-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_1.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/e.ss01.glif.i
data/buenard/Buenard-Regularo.ttf.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Italic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/puritan/Puritan-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsancondensed/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/andadasc/src/AndadaSC-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsancondensed/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Black.ttf.d
data/apache/notosansmeeteimayek/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/revalia/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uniFB01_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/fjordone/FjordOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/chango/src/Chango-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_56.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ae.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/gorditas/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/knewave/src/sources.txt.i
data/ofl/andada/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_5.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_breve.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/audiowide/src/Audiowide-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/cambo/Cambo-Regularo.ttf.i
data/ofl/shanti/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/kenia/src/2010-12-09_Kenia_text.pdf.d
data/kenia/src/2010-12-09_Kenia_text.pdf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/macron.plate.i
data/ofl/imfellfrenchcanonsc/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosislight/TerminalDosis-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/handlee/Handlee-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/sonsieone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/matesc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.glif.i
data/ofl/domine/Domine-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/gudea/Gudea-Bold.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/chenla/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/udieresis.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Regular.ttf.d
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/patrickhand/OFL.txt.i
data/almendrasc/md5sum.i
data/ofl/muli/Muli-LightItalic.menu.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-devanagari.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserifcaption/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/cagliostro/Cagliostro-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/strait/src/Strait-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_061.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.cyrillic.d
data/iconic/src/eject.svg.i
data/noticiatext/NoticiaText-BoldItalic.vietnamese+latin.i
data/iconic/src/loop_alt4.svg.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9a_.glif.i
data/copse/src/Copse-Regular-TTF.ttf.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/marvel/Marvel-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/src/SourceSansPro-It.otf.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/question.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/combo/src/Combo-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cantoraone/OFL.txt.i
data/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/amethysta/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/droidsanstamil/DroidSansTamil-Regular.ttf.i
data/aladin/Aladin-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/dotlessj.liga.glyph.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/apache/irishgrover/IrishGrover.ttf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE030.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/cutive/Cutive-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/lemonone/LemonOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/VesperLibre-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/dawningofanewday/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/copse/Copse-Regular.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/two.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenicBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/iconic/src/arrow_up.svg.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/almendradisplay/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif.i
data/trochut/Trochut-Regular-hinted.ttf.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/racute.glyph.i
data/ovo/METADATA.i
data/ofl/annieuseyourtelescope/src/AnnieUseYourTelescope.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0429.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/kdamthmor/KdamThmor-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cantataone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/leaguescript/LeagueScript.latin.i
data/ofl/paprika/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Encoding/FTH_Playfair.enc.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Bold.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/questrial/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/g3.plate.i
data/ofl/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-Regular.vfb.i
data/radley/src/test-italic.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/currency.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/rammettoone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancoisshadow/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_038.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_87.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/C_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/vastshadow/src/VastShadow-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_idieresis.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif.i
data/uncialantiqua/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E03_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaticsc/AmaticSC-Regular.menu.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/timmana/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/acme/src/Acme-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/gentiumplus/src/graphite/stddef.gdh.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/vidaloka/OFL.txt.i
data/maidenorange/MaidenOrange.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni006600EF_.liga.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/titanone/TitanOne-Regular.menu.i
data/adventpro/AdventPro-Medium.latin.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/otilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/itilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/asap/Asap-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/almendra/METADATA.i
data/ofl/londrinasketch/src/LondrinaSketch-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/marvel/Marvel-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0421.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Io-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.case.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/racingsansone/RacingSansOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/nje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/lemon/src/Lemon-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/martel/src/Martel-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/euro.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/roboto/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0428.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/habibi/src/Habibi-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Bold.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/didactgothic/menusubset.ff.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Annaheim-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/firamono/FiraMono-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/elsie/src/Elsie-Black-OTF.vfb.i
data/holtwoodone/HoltwoodOne.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeye/Ribeye-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif.i
data/passionone/PassionOne-Regular.latin.i
data/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/gelasio/src/Gelasio-Italic-OTF.sfd.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-BoldItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Thin-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni205f_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/f.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-SemiBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/cabin/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/EBGaramond-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m_.glif.i
data/ofl/miltoniantattoo/MiltonianTattoo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0402.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/buenard/src/Buenard-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/michroma/Michroma.ttf.i
data/ofl/cantataone/src/CantataOne-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/ArchivoNarrow-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/tuffy/Tuffy-Regular.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/ArchivoNarrow-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_dotaccent.glif.i
data/gudea/Gudea-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/judson/Judson-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/inder/Inder-Regular.menu.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/deliusswashcaps/src/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/electrolize/src/Electrolize-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/lusitana/src/Lusitana-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/Sources/GenBkBasR.vfb.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Bold.vietnamese+latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/revalia/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/src/OpenSansHebrew-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_9.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/devonshire/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/mako/Mako-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iishort-cy.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_034.i
data/mako/Mako-Regular.ttf.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9b_.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif.i
data/ofl/juliussansone/JuliusSansOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/capriola/src/Capriola-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/capriola/src/Capriola-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Italic.cyrillic.d
data/kameron/src/Kameron-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/parisienne/src/Parisienne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/deliusunicase/src/DeliusUnicase-Regular.otf.i
data/thegirlnextdoor/thegirlnextdoor.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.smcp.glif.i
data/patuaone/PatuaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/sancreek/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanCBL.otf.d
data/ofl/geostar/Geostar-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanCBL.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_A_Emacron.modern2.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/nine.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/src/MontserratSubrayada-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ThinItalic.ttf.i
data/gloriahallelujah/GloriaHallelujah.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/Montserrat-Black.menu.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/gafata/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/averiagruesalibre/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.latin.i
data/pacifico/src/test.html.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/codystar/Codystar-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_010.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/PontanoSans-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Medium.greek.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/zero.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/InknutAntiqua-Black.ttf.d
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/mako/METADATA.i
data/ofl/hennypenny/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/istok/menusubset-istokweb.ff.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-Light.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/electrolize/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/Alegreya Sans - Italic.glyphs.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_1.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/latin_unique-glyphs.nam.i
data/ofl/electrolize/Electrolize-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/condiment/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sedansc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/rosario/Rosario-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_154.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_3.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/faunaone/src/FaunaOne-Regular-specimen.jpg.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/z_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/thabit/EARLY_ACCESS.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/faunaone/src/FaunaOne-Regular-specimen.jpg.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/S_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/megrim/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/pinyonscript/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/megrim/src/Megrim-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Thin.greek-ext.i
data/marvel/src/Marvel-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Ocaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/Amaranth-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/medulaone/src/MedulaOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/gfsdidot/OFL.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_03.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ka-cy.glif.i
data/fastbrushscript/src/FastBrushScript-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/middot.glif.i
data/ofl/jollylodger/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/share/Share-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_03.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/poly/src/Poly-Regular.otf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni000D.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/vollkorn/Vollkorn-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_9.glif.i
data/fondamento/Fondamento-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/fondamento/Fondamento-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/risque/Risque-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Regular.ttf.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/fjordone/FjordOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/sources/GentiumBasic-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/crimson/src/sources/Crimson-Roman.sfd.d
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ebreve_.glif.i
data/crimson/src/sources/Crimson-Roman.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/abel/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_3.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/fresca/OFL.txt.i
data/josefinslab/src/JosefinSlab-SemiBoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/blacksquare.glif.i
data/andikabasic/src/sources/SOURCES.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Semibold.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.latin.d
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/trocchi/METADATA.i
data/apache/opensans/menusubset-opensans.ff.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020B_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Semibold.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/emacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/homemadeapple/HomemadeApple.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni020c_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/coustard/Coustard-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/cantarell/src/src/Cantarell-Oblique.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/apache/irishgrover/METADATA.json.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Light.glyphs.i
data/ofl/vidaloka/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/muli/Muli-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_102.i
data/ofl/gildadisplay/GildaDisplay-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/play/METADATA.json.i
data/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/ledger/menusubset-ledger.ff.i
data/spicyrice-internal/SpicyRice-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/kenia/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/nixieone/src/NixieOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/arvo/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/gochihand/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/vt323/VT323-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/t_y.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/gruppo/Gruppo.menu.i
data/amaticsc/src/AmaticSC-Regular.sfd.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/enriqueta/Enriqueta-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/apache/notosanslydian/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/audiowide/src/Audiowide-Regular.otf.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/alike/OFL.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.subs.glif.i
data/engagement/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-BoldItalic.glyphs.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/dhyana/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ring.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BlackItalic.cyrillic.i
data/oldenburg/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BlackItalic.cyrillic.d
data/apache/notosansbengali/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0413.glif.i
data/mrdehaviland/MrDeHaviland-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/belgrano/Belgrano-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/rammettoone/RammettoOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni000D.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/kadwa/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/signika/src/Signika-Semibold.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/_null.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dze-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/gfsdidot/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/Quattrocento-Bold.menu.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/daggerdbl.plate.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/Inconsesi-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/aacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/coda/Coda-Heavy.ttf.i
data/ebgaramond/src/otf/EBGaramond.otf.d
data/ebgaramond/src/otf/EBGaramond.otf.i
data/coda/Coda-Heavy.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/firamono/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/omacron.smcp.glif.i
data/asap/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/mrbedfort/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/herrvonmuellerhoff/src/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.otf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Acaron_.glif.i
data/cabin/src/CabinItalic-MM.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/wallpoet/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf.i
data/alexbrush/src/AlexBrush-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/limelight/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_3.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/src/TerminalDosis-SemiBold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/mappings/HEB-map.xml.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif.i
data/ptmono/PTM55FT.menu.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Black.ttf.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Semibold.greek.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/miama/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/R_acute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_2.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/simonetta/src/Simonetta-Black-OTF.vfb.i
data/mrssheppards/md5sum.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf.d
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/SeoulHangang-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/apache/notosansethiopic/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasB.latin.i
data/ofl/felipa/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/lusitana/Lusitana-Bold.menu.i
data/miltonian/src/Miltonian-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/divisionslash.glif.i
data/ofl/unicaone/OFL.txt.i
data/sonsieone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Black.vietnamese.i
data/ledger/Ledger-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/Nobile-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/amethysta/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Thin.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/poiretone/PoiretOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/tenorsans/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/muli/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/piedra/Piedra-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/omacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/rosarivo/Rosarivo-Regular.latin.i
data/averiaserifgwf/AveriaSerifGWF-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/ofl/gorditas/src/Gorditas-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/two.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c__uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/gorditas/src/Gorditas-Regular-OTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/rye/src/Rye-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/share/src/Share-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE019.glyph.i
data/ofl/sharetechmono/src/ShareTechMono-Regularo.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-LightItalic.vietnamese.i
data/herrvonmuellerhoff/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/poetsenone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/src/LondrinaShadow-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.sfd.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.sfd.i
data/ofl/glegoo/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_breve.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_6.glif.i
data/ofl/rubikmonoone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/allerta/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/fruktur/src/Fruktur-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_99.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/miltonian/METADATA.i
data/ofl/griffy/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/dollar.glyph.i
data/ofl/medulaone/src/MedulaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/rammettoone/RammettoOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/EncodeSansCompressed-Regular.latin.i
data/uncialantiqua/src/UncialAntiqua-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ldot.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/acme/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/kaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0428.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/iu-cy.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/swankyandmoomoo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/anton/Anton.ttf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/mako/src/Mako-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_02.glif.i
data/ezra/src/mappings/iso-8859-1.tec.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/src/graphite/greek_recompose.gdh.i
data/ofl/carterone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/viga/md5sum.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/headlandone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/quattrocentosans/METADATA.i
data/ofl/delius/Delius-Regular.ttf.i
data/designers/wojciech_kalinowski/portrait.jpg.i
data/badscript/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cantataone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/yesteryear/src/Yesteryear-Regular.vfb.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/five.lf.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/abrilfatface/AbrilFatface-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-ExtraLight-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/palanquin/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/arapey/Arapey-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/happymonkey/HappyMonkey-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/lancelot/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/Montserrat-Regular.vfb.d
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Italic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/Montserrat-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/novaflat/src/NovaFlat.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ydieresis.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/federo/Federo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif.i
data/butchermancaps/src/ButchermanCaps-Regular.sfd.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/niconne/Niconne-Regular.menu.i
data/butchermancaps/src/ButchermanCaps-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0307.glif.i
data/holtwoodone/src/HoltwoodOne.sfd.i
data/ofl/armata/src/Armata-Regular.vfb.i
data/rancho/Rancho-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif.i
data/ofl/italiana/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/_null.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_150.i
data/ofl/viga/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/adventpro/AdventPro-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/creteround/src/CreteRound-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tse-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/originalsurfer/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-BoldCondensed.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.sfd.d
data/ofl/monacal/src/Monacal-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.sfd.i
data/philosopher/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/labelleaurore/LaBelleAurore.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni25c_c_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/habibi/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/nobile.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/four.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/slabo27px/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.latin.i
data/designers/sorkin_type/portrait-orig.gif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B9_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_087.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/almendra/src/Almendra-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-ExtraBold.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/ubuntu/src/Ubuntu-R-designsource.vfb.i
data/ofl/nanumgothic/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-RI-hinting.ttf.d
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2206.glif.i
data/ofl/karlatamilupright/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/buda/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ezrasil/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seveneighths.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Italic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_C.glyph.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/gafata/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/poly/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/puritan/src/Puritan-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraBold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/yesevaone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-ThinItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBold.otf.i
data/annieuseyourtelescope/AnnieUseYourTelescope.menu.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_calt.fea.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/breeserif/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/cabin/Cabin-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_7.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/cabin/Cabin-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/share/src/shareexp/src/Share-BoldItalicExp.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/OpenSans-CondBold.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/overlocksc/METADATA.json.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/patrickhand/PatrickHand-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_5.glif.i
data/ofl/firamono/FiraMono-Bold.greek.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gheupturn-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/suranna/src/telugu-only.txt.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Semibold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/pollerone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/risque/Risque-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_03.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/at.case.glif.i
data/apache/notosanslao/NotoSansLao-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/qwigley/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/rrot.glyph.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/annieuseyourtelescope/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/economica/Economica-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/armata/src/Armata-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/rumraisin/METADATA.json.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020B_.glif.i
data/ofl/dangrek/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10038.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/andikabasic/AndikaBasic-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/apache/notosanscoptic/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bp.util.glif.i
data/tulpenone/src/TulpenOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/cagliostro/src/Cagliostro-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexyen/src/cwTeXYen.ttf.d
data/ofl/cwtexyen/src/cwTeXYen.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/inika/md5sum.i
data/ofl/muli/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/adventpro/AdventPro-Medium.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E60_.glif.i
data/muli/Muli-Light-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/marckscript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/passionone/PassionOne-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/economica/Economica-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/leaguescript/LeagueScript.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE040.glyph.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/six.sups.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_macron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/bilboswashcaps/src/Bilbo-SwashCaps-OTF.vfb.i
data/rokkitt/md5sum.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_acute.glif.i
data/dosis/src/Dosis-ExtraLight.otf.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0414.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif.i
data/ofl/croissantone/src/CroissantOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/agrave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/thabit/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/kcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/sail/Sail-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-RegularItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/y_.glif.i
data/ofl/stardosstencil/StardosStencil-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/AlegreyaSans-Medium.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/egyslabthin/EGYSlabThin-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/sirinstencil/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/devonshire/OFL.txt.i
data/aftaserifthin/src/AftaSerifThin-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/BenchNine-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/jockeyone/src/JockeyOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-DemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif.i
data/ofl/khmer/Khmer.menu.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/l.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/almendradisplay/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/vbar.plate.i
data/opensans/src/OpenSans-Semibold.ttf.i
data/ofl/andika/sources/graphite/fontSpecific.gdh.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_047.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_189.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif.i
data/vidaloka/Vidaloka-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Thin.ttf.i
data/ofl/bigelowrules/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/molengo/Molengo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/istok/METADATA.i
data/ofl/medievalsharp/src/MedievalSharp-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/caron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/src/Quattrocento-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/magra/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/creteround/src/CreteRound-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/tulpenone/TulpenOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.subs.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/supermercadoone/src/SupermercadoOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/audiowide/src/Audiowide-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/crimson/CrimsonText-Roman.menu2.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/pinyonscript/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/francoisone/FrancoisOne.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/es-cy.glif.i
data/francoisone/FrancoisOne.latin-ext.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/o_acute.glif.i
data/courgette/src/Courgette-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/ewert/Ewert-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/atomicage/md5sum.i
data/ofl/tangerine/Tangerine_Bold.latin.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/sources/DblEnc.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/AlegreyaSans-MediumItalic.otf.i
data/apache/calligraffitti/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/rokkitt/Rokkitt-Bold.latin.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/Shojumaru-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/mate/src/Mate-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/l_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/butcherman/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/wellfleet/Wellfleet-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-RI-hinting.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/ruslandisplay/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/keaniaone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/uparrow.plate.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/sarina/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Italic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/apache/aclonica/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/sniglet/Sniglet-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/QuicksandDash-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/snowburstone/SnowburstOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/badscript/BadScript-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE053.glyph.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/adamina/OFL.txt.i
data/coda/Coda-Caption-Black.ttf.i
data/coda/Coda-Caption-Black.ttf.d
data/averialibre/AveriaLibre-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/plaster/src/Plaster-Regular.vfb.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.glyphs.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_ogonek.glif.i
data/newscycle/src/NewsCycle-Regular-ik.sfd.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/src/ExpletusSans-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/wallpoet/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/overtherainbow/src/OvertheRainbow.vfb.i
data/terminaldosis/Dosis-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/juliussansone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c__uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/Ubuntu-BI-designsource.vfb.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/Ubuntu-BI-designsource.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/gafata/src/Gafata-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/meiescript/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/dhurjati/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/molle/Molle-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/opensans/src/OpenSans-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/imfellfrenchcanonsc/IMFeFCsc28P.latin.i
data/ofl/balthazar/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/nomina/src/Nomina-Regular.vfb.i
data/averiagruesalibre/md5sum.i
data/iconic/src/arrow_left.svg.i
data/miltonian/MiltonianTattoo-Regular.ttf.d
data/miltonian/MiltonianTattoo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/gudea/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/lusitana/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/apache/notosanslisu/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/shanti/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/fasterone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/ramaraja/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/seaweedscript/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ubuntu/LICENCE-FAQ.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/InknutAntiqua-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_6b_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/Oxygen-Light.latin.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_040.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/brawler/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/titanone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/menusubset-noticiatext.ff.i
data/overlocksc/OverlockSC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/oxygen/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/varelaround/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04C0_.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_macron.glif.i
data/glassantiqua/GlassAntiqua-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/n.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/sixperemspace.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/sniglet/src/Sniglet-ExtraBold.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/rosario/src/Rosario-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/kreon/md5sum.i
data/exo/Exo-SemiBoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_57.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/aladin/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/pecita/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/Inconsolata-Regular.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/sintony/Sintony-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c8.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s_.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Bold-Latin.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/amarante/Amarante-Regular.latin.i
data/syncopate/Syncopate.menu.i
data/sirinstencil/SirinStencil-Regular.menu.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E6A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/f_f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/three.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_e_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a.smcp.glif.i
data/ptmono/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/kellyslab/KellySlab-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/S_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0414.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/playball/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/emacron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/x.glyph.i
data/ofl/puritan/src/Puritan-Bold.sfd.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBookBasic-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBookBasic-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/src/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/princesssofia/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-ExtraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/egysansthin/src/EGYSansThin-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Lower Case/sketch2961514.png.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/METADATA.json.i
data/fascinateinline/src/FascinateInline-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-MediumItalic.latin-ext.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/telex/src/Telex-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/quattrocento/src/Quattrocento-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/ropasans/src/RopaSans-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/font-source/padaukbook_src.vtp.i
data/apache/notosanslisu/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/questrial/src/Questrial-Regular.otf.i
data/junge/src/Junge-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/molle/src/Molle-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Light.ttf.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-MediumItalic.greek-ext.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/caesardressing/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/homemadeapple/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/sharetech/ShareTech-Regular.menu.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/clara/src/Clara-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0422.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/idotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/laomuangdon/LaoMuangDon-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/stalinistone/src/StalinistOne-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/apache/comingsoon/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/orbitron/src/Orbitron-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_O.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/drsugiyama/DrSugiyama-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/chivo/src/Chivo-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/armata/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/felltypes/IMFeGPit28P.menu.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/figuredash_figuredash.upper.glyph.i
data/paytoneone/src/PaytoneOne-TTF.vfb.i
data/tools/lint/lib/guice-3.0.jar.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ubuntu/UFL.txt.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/4.plate.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.ss01.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/dynalight/Dynalight-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/peddana/Peddana-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/chelaone/src/ChelaOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/peddana/Peddana-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_acute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Semibold.ttf.i
data/questrial/md5sum.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Semibold.ttf.d
data/asset/Asset.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_1_uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ptserif/src/PTZ56F_W.woff.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ptserif/src/PTZ56F_W.woff.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0B4.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/dancingscript/DancingScript-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/volkhov/src/Volkhov-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/qwigley/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/z_tildecomb.glyph.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif.i
data/ofl/coda/Coda-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/creteround/CreteRound-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/kopubbatangpro/src/KoPubBatang-Light.otf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/kopubbatangpro/src/KoPubBatang-Light.otf.d
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/allerta/Allerta-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/chelaone/ChelaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/loversquarrel/LoversQuarrel-Regular.latin.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/convergence/src/Convergence-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04BA_.glif.i
data/ofl/dinah/Dinah-Regular.devanagari.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/R_acute.glif.i
data/apache/rochester/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Obreve_.glif.i
data/londrinasolid/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/nanumpen/src/NanumPen.otf.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/src/GenBasR.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/novascript/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/ramabhadra/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/mksfd.py.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cantoraone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/arrowright.glif.i
data/ofl/abeezee/ABeeZee-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_5.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-SemiBold.sfd.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/apache/specialelite/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/buenard/Buenard-Regular.latin.i
data/bowlbyonesc/BowlbyOneSC.ttf.d
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/apache/droidserif/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/acme/src/Acme-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.case.glif.i
data/ofl/inder/src/Inder-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/cardo/Cardo-Bold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/carme/Carme-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/EBGaramond-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ebgaramond/EBGaramond-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellfrenchcanon/IMFeFCit28P.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_00.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Be-cy_.glif.i
data/miltonian/tattoo/Tattoo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/src/AlmendraSC-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/fresca/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/itilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ring.case.glif.i
data/apache/notosanstagalog/LICENSE.txt.i
data/buenard/src/Buenard-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/jimnightshade/JimNightshade-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/dellarespira/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/amaticsc/AmaticSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/mrssheppards/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmr10/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HairlineItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/mervalescript/MervaleScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HairlineItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/donegalone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE052.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/abreve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_acute.glif.i
data/radley/Radley-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif.i
data/londrinasolid/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/meddon/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/alefhebrew/src/Alef-Webfont/Alef-Regular.woff.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-ExtraBoldItalic.otf.i
data/droid/DroidSansMono-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/designers/astigmatic/BIO.i
data/kranky/md5sum.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular-unhinted.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_00d_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-Light.menu.i
data/gfsneohellenic/src/GFSNeohellenic.ttf.d
data/ofl/hind/OFL.txt.i
data/gfsneohellenic/src/GFSNeohellenic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_breve.glif.i
data/ruda/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-MediumItalic.ttf.i
data/homemadeapple/METADATA.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-MediumItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.ss01.glif.i
data/karla/METADATA.i
data/designers/j_mach_wust/portrait.jpg.i
data/graduate/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/mrbedfort/Me.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/felltypes/IMFeENsc28P.menu.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Thin-VTT.ttf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_104.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasI.latin-ext.i
data/nosifercaps/METADATA.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/montez/Montez-Regular.menu.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/flavors/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/bilbo/src/Bilbo-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif.i
data/averialibre/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/imprima/src/Imprima-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/share/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/marcellus/src/Marcellus-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/sueellenfrancisco/SueEllenFrancisco.ttf.i
data/istokweb/menusubset-istokweb.ff.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/giveyouglory/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTF55F_W.svg.i
data/felltypes/IMFeFCit28P.ttf.i
data/ofl/juliussansone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ezra/src/README.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/er-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/arbutus/src/Arbutus-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/share/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/emblemaone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/emblemaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/volkhov/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/macondoswashcaps/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/opensans/menusubset-opensans.ff.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9d_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/share/Share-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/headlandone/src/HeadlandOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_acute.glif.i
data/permanentmarker/PermanentMarker.ttf.i
data/ofl/lora/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/xoxo/Xoxo-Regular.ttf.i
data/flamenco/Flamenco-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/patuaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/dhyana/METADATA.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_164.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/DroidKufi-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-BoldItalic.greek+latin.log.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Bold.latin.i
data/unlock/METADATA.i
data/bitter/src/Bitter-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/princesssofia/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Bold.latin.i
data/niconne/Niccone-Regular.latin.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/stalemate/src/Stalemate-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/designers/kimberly_geswein/portrait.jpg.i
data/apache/notosansugaritic/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/textmeone/TextMeOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/rambla/src/Rambla-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/lilyscriptone/LilyScriptOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_5_uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/siamreap/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/wireone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/expletussans/ExpletusSans-SemiBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/medulaone/MedulaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/nokora/Nokora-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Gcaron.glyph.i
data/cabin/src/hinting_test/3/Cabin Bold - TTF hinnted.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/bitter/OFL.txt.i
data/rancho/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/metalmania/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/rosario/Rosario-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/gochihand/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/Ezra Unicode Install2.5.pdf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/src/SFD/EBGaramond-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellenglishsc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_057.i
data/piedra/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/wacute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/newscycle/METADATA.json.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/VERSION.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Bold.ttf.d
data/delius/md5sum.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.smcp.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_3.glif.i
data/ofl/purplepurse/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/judson/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cantarell/src/eot/Cantarell-Regular.eot.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.devanagari.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/signika/src/Signika-Light-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.devanagari.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/goblinone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0200.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/src/Dosis-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_5.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/ofl/yesteryear/OFL.txt.i
data/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/peddana/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_acute.glif.i
data/puritan/src/Puritan-BoldItalic.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/share/src/Share-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/novaround/METADATA.i
data/ofl/lekton/src/Lekton-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/gravitasone/GravitasOne.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/asap/Asap-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_breve.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/md5sum.i
data/ofl/vt323/VT323-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/gorditas/md5sum.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/apache/droidsansjapanese/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/buenard/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/dellarespira/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/italianno/Italianno-Regular.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni030f_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Medium.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/poetsenone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/alfaslabone/AlfaSlabOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/habibi/Habibi-Regular.ttf.i
data/clara/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/ofl/gurajada/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/moulpali/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif.i
data/iconic/src/sun.svg.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/Quicksand-LightItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_0b_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/EARLY_ACCESS.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Italic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/irishgrover/IrishGrover.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/content/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/novaslim/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/features.fea.i
data/apache/calligraffitti/Calligraffitti-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/warnes/src/Warnes-Regular.otf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_6A_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/ptmono/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/abrilfatface/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/quattrocento/Quattrocento-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/poiretone/src/PoiretOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/rozhaone/RozhaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/middot.glif.i
data/apache/notosanslydian/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/stintultracondensed/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/radley/src/test-regular.html.i
data/ofl/graduate/Graduate-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ldot.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/iconic/src/calendar_alt_stroke.svg.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_94.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/arvo/METADATA.json.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/coveredbyyourgrace/src/CoveredByYourGrace-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cuprum/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/terminaldosis/Dosis-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/apache/irishgrowler/APACHE2.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/coda/Coda-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/sdieresis.swash.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/signika/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Semibold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/icircumflex.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_6a_.glif.i
data/happymonkey/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/poppins/Poppins-Medium.ttf.i
data/coda/src/CodaCaption-Heavy-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/junge/Junge-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/bp.util.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/glassantiqua/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/newscycle/NewsCycle-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/D_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Thin.cyrillic-ext.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/tangerine/Tangerine.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/Dosis-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/MavenPro-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/kottaone/src/KottaOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/volkhov/Volkhov-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBoldItalic.glyphs.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE00B.glyph.i
data/doppioone/METADATA.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BlackItalic.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/economica/Economica-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/mate/METADATA.json.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/changa/src/Changa-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/fastbrushscript/src/FastBrushScript-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-ThinItalic.latin-ext.i
data/gentiumplus/GentiumPlus-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/apache/droidserif/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_032.i
data/corben/src/Corben-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/combo/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/loveyalikeasister/src/LoveYaLikeASister-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0214.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/molengo/src/subset.sh.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/sreekrushnadevaraya/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE05F.glyph.i
data/ofl/sreekrushnadevaraya/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Regular-Latin.ttf.i
data/apache/specialelite/SpecialElite.ttf.i
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/jollylodger/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/newscycle/METADATA.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/arbutus/METADATA.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Heavy.menu.i
data/rosario/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ruluko/src/Ruluko-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/fresca/src/Fresca-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/oleoscript/OleoScript-Bold.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/lusitana/src/Lusitana-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/chicle/Chicle-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/newGlyph_.001.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/chivo/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/bowlbyone/BowlbyOne.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/Monda-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/poppins/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni2113.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBookBasic-Regular.vfb.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE088.glyph.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_dotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/syncopate/src/Syncopate-Regular.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/limelight/src/Limelight-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/puritan/Puritan-Italic.menu.i
data/lovedbytheking/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/j_circumflex.glif.i
data/armata/Armata-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/rationale/src/Rationale-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cevicheone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/nunito/src/Nunito-Light.vfb.i
data/iconic/src/undo.svg.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/one.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/milonga/Milonga-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/iceberg/OFL.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HeavyItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/sanchez/src/Sanchez-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/imfelldoublepicasc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBookBasic-Bold.vfb.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/geo/Geo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/foundryicon.glif.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/PlayfairDisplay-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/PlayfairDisplay-Italic.otf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexyen/cwTeXYen-zhonly.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/gentium/src/documentation/Gentium_RU_proofs.pdf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellfrenchcanon/OFL.txt.i
data/gentium/src/documentation/Gentium_RU_proofs.pdf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntucondensed/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-BoldCondensedItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uniF6D6.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Medium.ttf.d
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_00.glif.i
data/ofl/metalmania/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Che-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/monoton/METADATA.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/ofl/viga/OFL.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/engagement/Engagement-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/varelaround/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ebreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/ofl/inder/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/niconne/Niconne-Regular.ttf.i
data/astloch/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/menusubset-naskh.ff.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/hermeneusone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/merienda/METADATA.json.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020f_.glif.i
data/ofl/offside/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/apache/crushed/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/novaround/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040D_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/oldenburg/src/Oldenburg-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Regular.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/unna/src/Unna-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/montez/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/laila/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/alegreya/METADATA.orig.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_3.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/candal/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/ogonek.plate.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/src/RobotoSpecimenBook.pdf.i
data/apache/roboto/src/RobotoSpecimenBook.pdf.d
data/apache/redressed/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_2.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/anton/src/VTT/anton#1.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Regular.otf.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/swankyandmoomoo/SwankyandMooMoo.menu.i
data/passionone/PassionOne-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/mandali/Mandali-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/fasterone/src/FasterOne-Regular-Specimen.jpg.d
data/leaguescript/src/LeagueScript-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oregano/src/Oregano-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/leaguescript/src/LeagueScript-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/shadowsintolight/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/ofl/suravaram/Suravaram-Regular.menu.i
data/norican/Norican-Regular.latin.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/karlatamilinclined/src/KarlaUpright-InVOLT.ttf.i
data/sevillana/src/Sevillana-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/utilde.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2793.glif.i
data/ofl/galdeano/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/six.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/kronaone/src/KronaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/leaguescript/md5sum.i
data/ofl/domine/src/Domine-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/ofl/iceland/src/Iceland-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/cantataone/src/CantataOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/aclonica/Aclonica.ttf.i
data/ofl/asap/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_103.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/en-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/damion/Damion-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10093.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni042A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/src/LibreBaskerville-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/ptserifcaption/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Italic.menu.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserifcaption/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Italic.menu.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Thin.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/n.plate.i
data/apache/notosansarmenian/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/seven.uppercase.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/tillana/OFL.txt.i
data/enriqueta/Enriqueta-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/signika/src/Signika-Light-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/sanchez/Sanchez-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraBold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/gcaron.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/oneeighth.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/miltonian/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nje-cy.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_5.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/arrowdownright.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni021A.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_81.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenright.case.glif.i
data/sonsieone/src/SonsieOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/arbutus/src/Arbutus-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/artifika/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/arbutus/src/Arbutus-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hbar.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/fugazone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/G_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/stardosstencil/src/StardosStencil-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/cabin/src/hinting_test/2/Cabin-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/dq.util.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_1_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/lobster/Lobster-Regular.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/yesevaone/YesevaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_014.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/odormeanchey/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_204.i
data/herrvonmuellerhoff/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/aemacron.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif.i
data/ofl/nosifer/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/cantataone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/ofl/milonga/Milonga-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/andikabasiccompact/AndikaBasicCompact-Regular.menu.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.smcp.glif.i
data/holtwoodonesc/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/puritan/OFL.txt.i
data/norican/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/zero.glyph.i
data/ofl/flamenco/Flamenco-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/exclam.glyph.i
data/apache/nokora/Nokora-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/cutive/.git/hooks/commit-msg.sample.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/smythe/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni030F.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_.glif.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/Sources/GenBkBasI.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/iceberg/md5sum.i
data/baumans/src/Baumans-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/bentham/src/Bentham.otf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_5.glif.i
data/ofl/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/novasquare/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_179.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/tools/lint/lib/guice-3.0.jar.d
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/sixcaps/md5sum.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/H_bar.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/apache/roboto-latest-2013-06-26/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/chango/METADATA.i
data/ofl/bilboswashcaps/src/Bilbo-SwashCaps-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/novaround/NovaRound.latin.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/src/UbuntuMono-RI-designsource.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-ExtraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/share/src/Share-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif.i
data/rosario/src/Rosario-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/play/Play-Bold.greek.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/homenaje/src/Homenaje-Regular.otf.i
data/qwigley/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.greek+latin.i
data/jura/menusubset-jura.ff.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2000.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/siemreap/Siemreap.khmer.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_tilde.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/oldenburg/Oldenburg-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_th.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/menusubset-jura.ff.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/markoone/MarkoOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/hennypenny/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/iconic/src/arrow_left_alt1.svg.i
data/ofl/codacaption/Coda-Caption-Heavy.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ae.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/acme/Acme-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/russoone/RussoOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/hcircumflex.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/bulletoperator.glif.i
data/cabin/src/Cabin-SemiBold.otf.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBasic-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/nobile/src/nobile_medium.ttx.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/fasterone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/ruluko/OFL.txt.i
data/dosis/Dosis-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/marcellussc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/whitesquare.case.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/mervalescript/MervaleScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/molengo/Molengo-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/molengo/Molengo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/uncialantiqua/UncialAntiqua-Regular.menu.i
data/breeserif/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/sofia/Sofia-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t_y.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/skranji/Skranji-Bold.menu.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/three.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/lobster/src/License.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/poiretone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/karla/Karla-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_S.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/orbitron/Orbitron-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/risque/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/muli/src/Muli-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/alegreya/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/n_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/marcellus/src/Marcellus-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sacramento/Sacramento-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/handlee/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/comingsoon/ComingSoon.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/creteround/src/CreteRound-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/el-cy.glif.i
data/glassantiqua/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.sups.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_88.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_152.i
data/macondoswashcaps/src/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/cedilla.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/e_caron.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h_.glif.i
data/ofl/monoton/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/Cabin-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/lora/src/Lora-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/quotedblright.glyph.i
data/lobster/src/Lobster 1.4.otf.i
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/DroidNaskh-Regular.ttf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/L_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/commaaccent.glif.i
data/zeyada/src/Zeyada.vfb.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Light.cyrillic-ext.i
data/zeyada/src/Zeyada.vfb.d
data/nanumpenscript/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/terminaldosis/Dosis-Medium.ttf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/OFL.txt.i
data/contrailone/ContrailOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_acute.glif.i
data/designers/vernon_adams/BIO.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-SemiBold.devanagari.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/frijole/Frijole-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0201.glif.i
data/ofl/daysone/DaysOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/philosopher/md5sum.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/atomicage/OFL.txt.i
data/gfsneohellenic/src/NeoHellenic Specimen.pdf.i
data/blackopsone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/src/NeoHellenic Specimen.pdf.d
data/ofl/giveyouglory/src/GiveYouGlory.vfb.i
data/ofl/arvo/src/Arvo_VTT/Arvo-Italic_b05_b.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/francoisone/src/FrancoisOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/g_dotaccent.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/patrickhand/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/overtherainbow/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/e_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/fasthand/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/C_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/telex/src/Telex-Regular.vfb.i
data/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldwpica/IMFePIrm28P.latin.i
data/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/glegoo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/src/ReadMe.html.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/lohit-bengali/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/flamenco/Flamenco-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.otf.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/jejugothic/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/src/Inconsesi-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ruslandisplay/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/karla/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/tagoni/src/Tagoni-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/corben/Corben-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/preahvihear/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/ofl/fenix/OFL.txt.i
data/hanuman/md5sum.i
data/ofl/underdog/Underdog-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/flavors/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmmi10/jsMath-cmmi10.latin.i
data/arapey/Arapey-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/Inconsolata.menu.i
data/ofl/simonetta/src/Simonetta-BlackItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/berkshireswash/src/BerkshireSwash-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/tulpenone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_E.plate.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/tinos/METADATA.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Italic-Latin.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/tienne/src/Tienne-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/iceland/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Y_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/MontserratAlternates-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_F.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/ikern/BevanCLASSES.flc.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/arapey/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/parisienne/Parisienne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/allertastencil/AllertaStencil-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/niconne/Niconne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/marvel/src/Marvel-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/k_.glif.i
data/ofl/titanone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/andada/Andada-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/justmeagaindownhere/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/section.plate.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uniF8FF.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/labelleaurore/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/anticslab/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/daysone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/apache/notosanstelugu/NotoSansTelugu-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/thabit/src/cour/cour.pfa.i
data/ofl/actor/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo 2.glyphs.d
data/eater/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo 2.glyphs.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.glif.i
data/ofl/kameron/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_02.glif.i
data/ofl/drsugiyama/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/be-cy.srb.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/fanwoodtext/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf.i
data/mate/src/mate-google.jpg.d
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/iceberg/Iceberg-Regular.ttf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/handlee/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/NerkoOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/k.util.glif.i
data/ofl/alefhebrew/Alef-Regular.ttf.i
data/designers/jasper_de_waard/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/apache/nokora/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/volkhov/src/Volkhov-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/lekton/OFL.txt.i
data/holtwoodone/src/HoltwoodHeavy-TTF.sfd.i
data/ruslanone/menusubset.ff.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-SemiboldItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/unna/Unna-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/src/LifeSavers-ExtraBold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/thinspace.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/three.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/patuaone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/redressed/src/Redressed-Vectors.ai.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_j.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_5.glif.i
data/quattrocento/Quattrocento-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/mate/src/Mate-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Bold.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/nanumpen/src/NanumPen.otf.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_045.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/kreon/Kreon-Regular.ttf.i
data/philosopher/menusubset-philosopher.ff.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/glassantiqua/src/GlassAntiquaNew-Regular.otf.i
data/devonshire/src/Devonshire-Regular.otf.i
data/nanumgothic/NanumGothic.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/siemreap/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.greek.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/amacron.ss01.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Italic.latin.log.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/src/fontsquirrel_generator_config.txt.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.greek.i
data/ofl/economica/Economica-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/font-source/padaukbook_src.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/L_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/podkova/Podkova-Bold.latin.i
data/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/croissantone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/buenard/src/Buenard-Bold.otf.i
data/caesardressing/METADATA.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/question.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/asset/METADATA.json.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni020A_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.smcp.glif.i
data/podkova/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/glassantiqua/GlassAntiqua-Regular.menu.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanCEB.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/sarina/Sarina-Regular.menu.i
data/passeroone/PasseroOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanCEB.otf.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/apache/ultra/Ultra.latin.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/archivoblack/ArchivoBlack-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/tienne/Tienne-Heavy.ttf.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Light.latin-ext.d
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_233.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/belgrano/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/f_t.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.latin.i
data/quantico/Quantico-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/abeezee/orig/ABeeZee-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/colon.glyph.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni00B2.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/ofl/abrilfatface/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/f_dotlessij.glyph.i
data/ofl/merienda/src/Merienda-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_5.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/niconne/src/Niconne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/candal/Candal.ttf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/swankyandmoomoo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/fredokaone/FredokaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/miama/Miama.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/playball/Playball-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/six.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/istokweb/src/TODO.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni030f_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_ring.glif.i
data/uncialantiqua/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.latin.d
data/ofl/sixcaps/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_96.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/gildadisplay/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_011.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.latin.i
data/ptserif/src/PTF55F_W.woff.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/src/LibreCaslonText-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/laosanspro/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_00.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_h.liga.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Bold.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Italic.greek.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/niconne/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.case.glif.i
data/lekton/Lekton-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/src/YanoneKaffeesatz-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/notosanscypriotsyllabary/NotoSansCypriotSyllabary-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/alike/src/Alike-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/suwannaphum/Suwannaphum.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/lobster/Lobster.cyrillic-ext.i
data/originalsurfer/md5sum.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_4_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/kameron/Kameron-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0237.glif.i
data/passeroone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/peralta/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/Montserrat-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserifcaption/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Italic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_slash.glif.i
data/astloch/src/Astloch-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/macondo/src/Macondo-Regular.otf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/medievalsharp/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/allura/Allura-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/imfelldoublepica/IMFeDPit28P.latin.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/diplomatasc/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/imfelldoublepica/IMFeDPit28P.latin.d
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntucondensed/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ufl/ubuntucondensed/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/asul/src/Asul-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/t.plate.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/apache/rochester/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/EBGaramond-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/three.dnom.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/src/SOURCES.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/amaticsc/METADATA.orig.i
data/ofl/rubikone/RubikOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/orbitron/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/quicksand/Quicksand-Regular.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/nine.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_d_.glif.i
data/signika/Signika-Semibold.latin.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumpenscript/NanumPenScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/k.util.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.ss01.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_cedilla.glif.i
data/magra/Magra-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/afii301.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/adamina/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0237.glif.i
data/ofl/economica/src/Economica-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hacek.case.glif.i
data/designers/jovanny_lemonad/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/pompiere/Pompiere.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/racute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/astloch/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/podkova/Podkova-Regular.ttf.i
data/marcellussc/MarcellusSC-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ebreve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/preahvihear/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/playball/Playball-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.glif.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasB.latin.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/src/OpenSansHebrew-ExtraBoldItalic.glyphs.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/bubblerone/OFL.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/vt321/src/VT321.sfd.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_218.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/apache/cousine/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/fanwoodtext/FanwoodText-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni04BA_.glif.i
data/play/src/Play-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/play/src/Play-Regular.sfd.i
data/monsieurladoulaise/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/almendra/Almendra-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmbx10/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE035.glyph.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/boogaloo/src/Boogaloo-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/squadaone/src/SquadaOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/Montserrat-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/overlock/Overlock-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/righteous/Righteous-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/itilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/andada/src/Andada-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/k.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/grandhotel/src/GrandHotel-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/nanumgothic/NanumGothicBold.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/apache/notosanshanunoo/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/sniglet/src/Sniglet Specimen - Both Styles.png.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/apache/notosanslaoui/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/volkhov/Volkhov-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/overtherainbow/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Medium.latin-ext.d
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/telex/src/Telex-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/jockeyone/METADATA.json.i
data/apache/opensans/METADATA.json.i
data/average/src/Average-Regular-specimen.jpg.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/t_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/carroisgothic/orig/CarroisGothic-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/merienda/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/average/src/Average-Regular-specimen.jpg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Semibold.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/quantico/Quantico-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/allura/METADATA.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/en-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_042.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/combo/src/Combo-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/GenBasB.menu.i
data/condiment/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/karla/src/Karla-Regular-MM.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ve-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/squadaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/rammettoone/src/RammettoOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/apache/notosanslydian/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/yesteryear/Yesteryear-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_6.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/chelseamarket/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-BlackItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/kaushanscript/src/KaushanScript-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/limelight/Limelight.menu.i
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-ExtraLightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/oswald/Oswald.ttf.i
data/ofl/strait/Strait-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/josefinsans/JosefinSans-SemiBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/ovo/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/delius/src/Delius-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/delius/src/Delius-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_3.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/muli/src/Muli-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/mysteryquest/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/ikern/BevanOT.fea.i
data/inika/src/Inika-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/thabit/Thabit-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/karla/Karla-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/unna/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ruda/src/Ruda-Regular.vfb.d
data/apache/syncopate/Syncopate-Regular.ttf.i
data/karla/src/Karla-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/trocchi/Trocchi-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ruda/src/Ruda-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_082.i
data/nothingyoucoulddo/NothingYouCouldDo.menu.i
data/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/emblemaone/src/EmblemaOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nje-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/D_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_02.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/novascript/NovaScript.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinasketch/LondrinaSketch-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/robotoslab/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/crimson/src/sources/Crimson-Bold.sfd.d
data/droid/DroidSansMono.menu.i
data/cuprum/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/crimson/src/sources/Crimson-Bold.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/glegoo/METADATA.i
data/ofl/nobile/Nobile-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_88.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/foursuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/timmana/Timmana-Regular.telugu.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/timmana/Timmana-Regular.telugu.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/miama/Miama-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/eight.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/_null.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.ttf.d
data/limelight/Limelight.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_0A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.menu.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/apache/unkempt/METADATA.json.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/cambo/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/kiteone/src/KiteOne-Regular-Specimen.jpg.i
data/ofl/kiteone/src/KiteOne-Regular-Specimen.jpg.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/carroisgothicsc/CarroisGothicSC-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/josefin/src/JosefinSansStd-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/sedansc/src/SedanSC-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/onehalf.glyph.i
data/ruda/Ruda-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Regular.vfb.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ShortI-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-Light.yaml.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.ss01.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/lekton/md5sum.i
data/lekton/Lekton-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/m_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/karla/src/Karla-Italic-MM.vfb.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/GentiumPlus-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/alefhebrew/Alef-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/v_.glif.i
data/ofl/lusitana/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/preahvihear/Preahvihear.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_e_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/hairspace.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/charissil/CharisSIL-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Medium.ttf.d
data/roboto/Roboto-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/diplomata/src/Diplomata-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-SemiboldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/newscycle/NewsCycle-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/newscycle/NewsCycle-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_ogonek.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.cyrillic.d
data/astloch/md5sum.i
data/aclonica/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/fascinateinline/FascinateInline-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/armata/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/VTT/Bevan_VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/newrocker/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_dotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni04B7_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/f_f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_0.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/croissantone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_4_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/J_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/stoke/Stoke-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/novaslim/src/NovaSlim.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/six.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_012.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/ikern/Bevan_ik.ttf.i
data/ofl/nobile/src/nobile_italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/marmelad/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/euphoriascript/src/EuphoriaScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/sueellenfrancisco/SueEllenFrancisco.menu.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/src/ArchivoNarrow-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/portlligatslab/PortLligatSlab-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/rosarivo/Rosarivo-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/sreekrushnadevaraya/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ruluko/Ruluko-Regular.ttf.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/loversquarrel/src/LoversQuarrel-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_2.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-BlackItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/oswald/Oswald-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/alikeangular/AlikeAngular-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/creepster/md5sum.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-B-hinting.ttf.d
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-Bold.ttf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/atilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf.d
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-B-hinting.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/nothingyoucoulddo/OFL.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/c.alt.glyph.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_248.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/src/METADATA_comments2.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/griffy/METADATA.json.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/novamono/src/NovaMono.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/blacksquare.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/novamono/src/NovaMono.sfd.d
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.lf.glif.i
data/averiaseriflibre/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/overlocksc/src/OverlockSC-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/arizonia/Arizonia-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_dieresis.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/drsugiyama/src/DrSugiyama-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/apache/notosanslydian/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_166.i
data/mrbedford-internal/src/MrBedford-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/te-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/siemreap/METADATA.i
data/karla/Karla-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/cabin/src/Cabin-SemiBold.vfb.i
data/ofl/rumraisin/src/RumRaisin-Regular.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_188.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/fanwoodtext/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/nanumpenscript/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/portersansblock/README.txt.i
data/ofl/viga/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/two.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042A_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/moulpali/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/DancingScript-Bold.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-SemiBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/novascript/METADATA.i
data/originalsurfer/src/OriginalSurfer-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.ss01.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/apache/slackey/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/dorsa/Dorsa-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/trochut/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/irishgrowler/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/podkova/src/Podkova-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/apache/chewy/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/passeroone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/milonga/src/Milonga-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/breeserif/BreeSerif-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/josefin/JosefinSansStd-Light.menu2.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/three.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/lohittamil/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/pontanosans/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/markoone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/Montserrat-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/acme/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_.glif.i
data/ofl/cantarell/Cantarell-BoldOblique.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/inconsolata/Inconsolata.ttf.i
data/charissilcompact/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif.i
data/ofl/combo/Combo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acutecomb.glif.i
data/jimnightshade/JimNightshade-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/sirinstencil/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenicBoldItalic.greek.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/apache/notosanskannada/NotoSansKannada-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10091.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/apache/irishgrover/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/macondoswashcaps/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cookie/src/Cookie-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/marvel/src/Marvel-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-RegularItalic.latin-ext.i
data/arvo/src/Arvo_VTT/Arvo-Italic_b05_b.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/asap/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/habibi/Habibi-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_059.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/kreon/Kreon-Bold.ttf.i
data/apache/nokora/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/asul/md5sum.i
data/boogaloo/src/Boogaloo-Regular.otf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_02.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/passionone/src/PassionOne-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/titanone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/bitter/Bitter-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanL.otf.d
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanL.otf.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Bold.latin.i
data/neuton/src/NeutonCursive-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cantataone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/whitesquare.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_3.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/diplomata/src/Diplomata-Regular.otf.i
data/roboto/menusubset-roboto.ff.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/foursuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/architectsdaughter/ArchitectsDaughter.latin.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-BlackItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif.i
data/glegoo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c__uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/iconic/src/pen_alt_fill.svg.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_050.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/eight.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/meriendaone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/src/Rambla-Bold.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinasketch/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/kavoon/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/play/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_7.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/overline.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/shanti/src/Shanti-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ograve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/bilboswashcaps/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/kreon/src/Kreon-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch29617404.png.i
data/ofl/sedan/Sedan-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-LightItalic.cyrillic.i
data/pecita/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/seaweedscript/METADATA.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/sevillana/Sevillana-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.vietnamese.i
data/istokweb/IstokWeb-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/LeckerliOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/LibreCaslonText-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04BA_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/a.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/philosopher/src/Philosopher-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/menusubset-robotocondensed.ff.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Thin.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/jollylodger/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/fredokaone/src/Fredoka Sampler.jpg.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/fredokaone/src/Fredoka Sampler.jpg.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/q.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/paprika/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/buenard/src/Buenard-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ycircumflex.modern.glyph.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.vietnamese.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0448.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tilde.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/galindo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/W_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/NerkoOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/butterflykids/ButterflyKids-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/leckerlione/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Heavy.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/allan/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/R_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/federant/src/Federant-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ff.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/ptmono/PTM55FT.cyrillic-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/muli/Muli-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/hanuman/Hanuman.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/unifrakturcook/Cook-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/baligalang/BaliGalang-Regular.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE080.glyph.i
data/apache/notosansbengali/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ae.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/twothirds.glyph.i
data/ofl/marvel/src/Marvel-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Sevenroman.glyph.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-ThinItalic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/irishgrowler/md5sum.i
data/tenorsans/menusubset-tenorsans.ff.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-DemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7_uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/play/Play-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/ponnala/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gravitasone/src/GravitasOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/mrbedford/src/MrBedford-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/ruthie/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_dotaccent.glif.i
data/bowlbyone/BowlbyOne.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/felltypes/IMFeGPit28P.ttf.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-BoldItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/shadowsintolight/md5sum.i
data/ptserif/src/PTZ55F_W.woff.d
data/ofl/lobster/Lobster.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.glif.i
data/bilbo/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/patuaone/src/PatuaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_7.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/lindenhill/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/devonshire/Devonshire-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_dotaccent.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/andada/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ucaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/kalam/METADATA.json.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/ofl/patrickhandsc/src/PatrickHandSC-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/antonio/src/SOURCE.txt.i
data/ofl/terminaldosislight/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/poly/src/Poly-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/plaster/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/poly/src/Poly-Regular.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/acaron.glif.i
data/ofl/julee/Julee-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/notosanstaitham/NotoSansTaiTham-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/puritan/src/Puritan-Italic.sfd.i
data/ofl/fjallaone/FjallaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/j_circumflex.glif.i
data/patuaone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/iconic/src/pause.svg.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/ofl/supermercadoone/src/SupermercadoOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/codystar/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E41_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/dosis/Dosis-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/anticslab/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/play/src/Play-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-ExtraBold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/domine/src/Domine-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/federo/src/Federo-Regular.otf.i
data/signika/Signika-Bold.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u_dieresis.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/signika/Signika-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/fugazone/src/FugazOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/cuprum/Cuprum-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/greatvibes/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.smcp.glif.i
data/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/ericaone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/drsugiyama/src/DrSujiyama-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/gloriahallelujah/GloriaHallelujah.ttf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_ng.glif.i
data/ofl/brunoace/src/BrunoAce-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/viga/Viga-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/holtwoodheavy/src/HoltwoodHeavy-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/geostar/src/Geostar-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_0.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/limelight/src/Limelight-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/debian/bin/smith.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/wendyone/OFL.txt.i
data/oswald/src/Osald-TTF.sfd.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.smcp.glif.i
data/averiasanslibre/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/poetsenone/PoetsenOne-Regular.latin.i
data/robotocondensed/Roboto-BoldCondensedItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE013.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/scaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/piedra/src/Piedra-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/herrvonmuellerhoff/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/metalmania/MetalMania-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/ofl/amiri/src/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/sharetech/src/expertset/ShareTechExp-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/caudex/Caudex-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/changaone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_0.glif.i
data/apache/chewy/Chewy.menu.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/2straight.plate.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Bold.menu.i
data/contrailone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/copse/src/Copse-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/antonio/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_breve.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmbx10/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/src/Dosis-ExtraBold.otf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-Bold.menu.i
data/novaround/NovaRound.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/b_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0214.glif.i
data/ofl/germaniaone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cherryswash/CherrySwash-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/strong/menusubset-strong.ff.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/almendradisplay/src/AlmendraDisplay-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/eight.ss01.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/cookie/src/Cookie-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/spiral/src/Spiral-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/nothingyoucoulddo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/francoisone/md5sum.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_b__uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-SemiboldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/poiretone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-SemiboldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/novaflat/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/sigmarone/src/SigmarOne.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic-Latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/felipa/src/Felipa-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/terminaldosis/src/TerminalDosis-SemiBold.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/BenchNine-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/spinnaker/src/Spinnaker-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni006600660062.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_100.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/hennypenny/src/HennyPenny-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-Black.menu.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2206.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Sixroman.glyph.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-RegularItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0413.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Bold.latin.i
data/unifrakturcook/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/cevicheone/CevicheOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/istokweb/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/whitesquare.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/almendra/Almendra-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidotBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ezrasil/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/hanuman/Hanuman.menu.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.latin-ext.d
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/tagoni/src/Tagoni-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/eaglelake/EagleLake-Regular.latin.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.cyrillic.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/rambla/Rambla-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/cantataone/src/CantataOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/cantarell/src/src/Cantarell-Oblique.sfd.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_101.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/jejuhallasan/JejuHallasan-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/jimnightshade/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.smcp.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-Black.ttf.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/pollerone/src/PollerOne.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/alike/md5sum.i
data/ofl/lora/src/Lora-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/u_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_56.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_5.glif.i
data/ofl/brawler/Brawler-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cevicheone/src/CevicheOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/inder/Inder-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/skranji/src/Skranji-Bold-TTF.vfbak.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/novaoval/OFL.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_.glif.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/contrailone/METADATA.json.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/ptsansnarrow/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/src/Rambla-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsansnarrow/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/josefinslab/md5sum.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/halant/METADATA.json.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Italic.greek.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-DemiBold.sfd.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/share/Share-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/aguafinascript/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/chivo/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/volkhov/OFL.txt.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/MavenPro-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/apache/schoolbell/Schoolbell.ttf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/pacifico/Pacifico.latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_208.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-BlackItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Regular.greek.d
data/wallpoet/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/rubikone/OFL.txt.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/judson/src/Judson-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeyemarrow/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/crimsontext/CrimsonText-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/goudybookletter1911/src/configure.ac.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/ArchivoNarrow-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/gabriela/Gabriela-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/tauri/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/spirax/src/Spirax-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_120.i
data/ofl/cantarell/Cantarell-BoldOblique.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Gacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_206.i
data/marcellus/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/francoisone/FrancoisOne.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/fiveeighths.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0BD.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.glif.i
data/josefinslab/src/JosefinSlab-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/loveyalikeasister/LoveYaLikeASister.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif.i
data/ofl/voltaire/src/Voltaire-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/zero.dnom.glif.i
data/muli/src/Muli-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/miltonian/tattoo/src/Tattoo-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/titanone/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-BoldItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/estimated.glif.i
data/ofl/concertone/src/ConcertOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_239.i
data/ofl/dynalight/src/Dynalight-Regular.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/fascinateinline/src/FascinateInline-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/ArchivoNarrow-Regular.ttx.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.glif.i
data/anticdidone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/j_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/METADATA.json.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/gudea/src/Gudea-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/gentium/README.txt.i
data/miltonian/md5sum.i
data/ofl/novaoval/NovaOval.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/strait/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/src/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.otf.i
data/josefin/JosefinSansStd-Light.menu.i
data/apache/notosanssinhala/LICENSE.txt.i
data/designers/jonas_hecksher/BIO.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Regular.menu.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_106.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-DemiBold.menu.d
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-DemiBold.menu.i
data/mako/src/Mako-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/Cabin-Medium.otf.i
data/tools/bbox/bbox.py.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_294.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/droidarabickufi/DroidKufi-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/herrvonmuellerhoff/OFL.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_circumflex.glif.i
data/nobile/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/newscycle/NewsCycle-Regular.latin.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/UnifrakturMaguntia-Regular.latin.i
data/newscycle/NewsCycle-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/fruktur/Fruktur-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeye/src/Ribeye-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/tagoni/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/play/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/n.util.glif.i
data/ofl/dinah/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/goudybookletter1911/GoudyBookletter1911.menu.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sha-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0214.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/pe-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020f_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/anton/METADATA.i
data/ofl/chivo/Chivo-Regular.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/strait/Strait-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/vt323/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0414.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-Medium.latin.i
data/apache/fontdinerswanky/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/montez/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/andada/Andada-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/phetsarath/src/Phetsarath-Bold-unhinted.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/allerta/src/Allerta-Kit.ai.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/allerta/src/Allerta-Kit.ai.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/apache/notosansdevanagari/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_005.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dje-cy.glif.i
data/oleoscript/OleoScript-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/alice/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.latin.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni2009.glif.i
data/ofl/capriola/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/florin.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/u_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/EXTENSION.i
data/ptmono/md5sum.i
data/ofl/arvo/src/Arvo_TTX_naming/Arvo-Regular_v104.ttx.i
data/sortsmillgoudy-old/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/newGlyph_.005.glif.i
data/ofl/kavoon/src/Kavoon-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_longs.fea.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/andikabasic/md5sum.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Italic.ttf.i
data/poiretone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Utilde_.glif.i
data/volkhov/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/monsieurladoulaise/src/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/lakkireddy/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/lakkireddy/LakkiReddy-Regular.ttf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif.i
data/apache/slackey/Slackey.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-ThinItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_178.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic.vfb.d
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/artifika/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/gelasio/src/Gelasio-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/gelasio/src/Gelasio-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/src/menusubset-arimo.ff.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/miama/src/Miama.sfd.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/istokweb/IstokWeb-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/handlee/Handlee-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/reeniebeanie/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/eater/Eater-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/firsttonechinese.glif.i
data/ofl/fugazone/src/FugazOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/creteround/src/CreteRound-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/src/SeoulHangangCM.otf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.glif.i
data/apache/irishgrover/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/src/SeoulHangangCM.otf.i
data/ofl/quicksand/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_037.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/sansitaone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/redacted/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/playfairdisplaysc/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/rupeeIndian_.glif.i
data/designers/ralph_hancock/BIO.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_006.glif.i
data/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidot.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_004.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular-kern.fea.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Italic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/modernantiqua/ModernAntiqua.ttf.i
data/ofl/julee/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Medium.devanagari.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Medium.devanagari.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Itilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/pirataone/PirataOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0448.glif.i
data/slackey/LICENSE.txt.i
data/prata/METADATA.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/squadaone/SquadaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/test-suite/shn_syllables.txt.i
data/ofl/allerta/src/Allerta-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/rufina/Rufina-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_039.i
data/anton/src/ikern/Anton.ttx.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/macron.case.glif.i
data/ofl/neucha/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_7.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ebreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/two.numr.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-CondBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturcook/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/rambla/Rambla-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-DemiBold.latin.i
data/goudybookletter1911/GoudyBookletter1911.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/METADATA.json.i
data/mrbedfort/src/MrBedfort-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/yeru-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/2.plate.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/crimson/src/tools/generate.py.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/apache/chewy/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/sarina/OFL.txt.i
data/hennypenny/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/mrdehaviland/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/period.glyph.i
data/ofl/purplepurse/PurplePurse-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/miltonian/Miltonian-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/notosanscherokee/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/markoone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/metamorphous/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/novamono/src/NovaMono.png.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Regular.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/monsieurladoulaise/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/lato/Lato-Bold.ttf.d
data/lato/Lato-Bold.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/glassantiqua/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0422.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/rougescript/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/two.superior.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/ruda/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Medium.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/judson/Judson-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/iconic/src/cog.svg.i
data/vibur/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.dnom.glif.i
data/apache/smokum/src/Smokum-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/suranna/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Light.ttf.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexhei/EARLY_ACCESS.script.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/EncodeSansCompressed-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/shortstack/md5sum.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/h_.glif.i
data/ofl/almendradisplay/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/andada/Andada-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Germandbls_.alt2.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch29617435.png.i
data/inika/src/Inika-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/warnes/Warnes-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/moul/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/hanuman/Hanuman.ttf.d
data/ofl/macondo/Macondo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/tienne/Tienne-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_053.i
data/ofl/karla/Karla-Regular.ttf.i
data/miniver/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/hammersmith/Hammersmith-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/seaweedscript/SeaweedScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/dze-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/src/SourceSansPro-BoldIt.otf.i
data/ofl/justmeagaindownhere/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.smcp.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/voces/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/tulpenone/TulpenOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/numans/Numans-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/vampiroone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0437.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular-unhinted.ttf.i
data/tools/gasp/README.i
data/ofl/tenorsans/menusubset-tenorsans.ff.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_2.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Itilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/bitter/src/Bitter-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/oldenburg/Oldenburg-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/tienne/src/Tienne-Regular.vfb.i
data/seaweedscript/SeaweedScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/fredokaone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/dosis/Dosis-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/j.hist.glyph.i
data/ofl/marvel/Marvel-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/lateef/EXTENSION.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/gudea/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/aring.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/kreon/Kreon-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/orbitron/Orbitron-Black.ttf.i
data/nanumpenscript/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Semibold.greek-ext.i
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather_v021-depreciated.enc.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/geostarfill/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_126.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Yi-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/bitter/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/H_bar.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/src/SOURCES.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni272e_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/CR_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.otf.i
data/muli/METADATA.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Thin.vfb.i
data/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/kristi/src/Kristi.sfd.i
data/berkshireswash/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/peralta/src/Peralta-Regular.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/laomuangdon/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_3.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.greek.i
data/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Bold.otf.i
data/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Bold.otf.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/iconic/src/denied_alt.svg.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/corben/src/Corben-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/nokora/Nokora-Bold.ttf.i
data/coveredbyyourgrace/md5sum.i
data/ptserif/src/PTZ56F.ttf.d
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-BoldItalic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/scaron.alt.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansoldsoutharabian/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.smcp.glif.i
data/ruluko/Ruluko-Regular.latin.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/eaglelake/src/EagleLake-Regular.otf.i
data/bayon/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/cutive/.git/logs/HEAD.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-RI-hinting.ttf.d
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-RI-hinting.ttf.i
data/oldstandard/md5sum.i
data/tools/nonhinting/otf2sfd.py.i
data/ofl/deliusswashcaps/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/mrbedfort/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/londrinashadow/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/arimo/src/Arimo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/arimo/src/Arimo-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aeacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0307.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/Tuffy-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/carterbold/OFL.txt.i
data/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf.i
data/robotocondensed/Roboto-BoldCondensed.greek+latin.i
data/buenard/Buenard-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/novaround/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/dynalight/src/Dynalight-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/two.subs.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyone/BowlbyOne.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/thabit/src/cour/courb.pfa.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/iconic/src/chat_alt_fill.svg.i
data/josefinsans/md5sum.i
data/noticiatext/NoticiaText-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/devonshire/src/Devonshire-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/longs_odieresis.glyph.i
data/lusitana/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/fredokaone/src/FredokaOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Medium.otf.i
data/ofl/nunito/OFL.txt.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/stardosstencil/StardosStencil-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/ropasans/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/flamenco/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/coda/src/Coda-Caption-Heavy.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/nanumpenscript/md5sum.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/snippet/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/ponnala/Ponnala-Regular.ttf.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_3.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/ponnala/Ponnala-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/LeckerliOne.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/judson/Judson-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/gabriela/src/Gabriela-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/kopubdotumpro/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/[Basic] M011 Sorkin Type Co.enc.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/titanone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/mclaren/src/McLaren-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/raleway/src/Raleway-Thin.otf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/marckscript/MarckScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/brunoacesc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/arbutus/Arbutus-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/three.numr.glif.i
data/tools/chars/string-line-codes.py.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/u_dotcomb.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/f_f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/Sources/GenBkBasB.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraBold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/CinzelDecorative-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cuprum/Cuprum-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0210.glif.i
data/trochut/src/Trochut-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/shantione/src/ShantiOne.vfb.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/emilyscandy/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/pinyonscript/PinyonScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.latin-ext.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.lf.glif.i
data/newscycle/src/NewsCycle-Regular.sfd.i
data/dosislight/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/src/Rajdhani-SemiBold.otf.i
data/ofl/cutive/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/euphoriascript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_125.i
data/ofl/chicle/src/Chicle-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/fresca/Fresca-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.glif.i
data/metrophobic/src/Metrophobic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/almendra/src/Almendra-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/merienda/src/Merienda-Regular.otf.i
data/designers/sideshow/portrait.jpg.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/gravitasone/src/GravitasOne.vfb.i
data/cutive/.gitignore.i
data/karla/Karla-Italic.latin.i
data/novamono/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/chauphilomeneone/src/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Light.menu.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/magra/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_cedilla.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/lobster/Lobster.menu2.i
data/ofl/didactgothic/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/shojumaru/md5sum.i
data/ofl/gabriela/Gabriela-Regular.menu.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_breve.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_dieresis.glif.i
data/andika/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Beton.tiff.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Beton.tiff.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_dotaccent.glif.i
data/nosifer/Nosifer-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/overtherainbow/OvertheRainbow.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020e_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.case.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_216.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_6_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/bangers/src/Bangers.vfb.i
data/cutive/Cutive-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/newrocker/NewRocker-Regular.latin.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/apache/chewy/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/peddana/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni040F_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uniF8FF.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Twelveroman.glyph.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_1_uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni040F_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/stintultracondensed/src/StintUltraCondensed-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/andada/src/Andada-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/menusubset-comfortaa.ff.i
data/ofl/flavors/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/lindenhill/METADATA.json.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/sancreek/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/gorditas/METADATA.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Regular.vfb.i
data/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.sfd.i
data/averiaserifgwf/AveriaSerifGWF-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenicBold.greek.i
data/acme/src/Acme-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/ruluko/Ruluko-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/InknutAntiqua-ExtraBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-SemiboldItalic.greek-ext.i
data/mysteryquest/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansvai/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/src/Sarpanch-Black.otf.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/dinah/Dinah-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/asap/Asap-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/gudea/src/Gudea-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/kaushanscript/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/seveneighths.glif.i
data/orbitron/Orbitron-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/boogaloo/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_292.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/convergence/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni006600EC_.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i_circumflex.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/sonsieone/SonsieOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_212.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/four.numr.glif.i
data/designers/sorkin_type/BIO.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/n_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/hyphen.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/aladin/Aladin-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/one.dnom.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/Ubuntu-M-designsource.vfb.d
data/ofl/pragatinarrow/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/Ubuntu-M-designsource.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-BoldItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-BoldItalic.cyrillic+latin.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsanvertical/OFL.txt.i
data/miltonian/src/MiltonianTattoo-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/francoisone/FrancoisOne.ttf.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/ofl/sarina/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/francoisone/FrancoisOne.ttf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/Sources/GenBasB.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_7.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/gochihand/md5sum.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_080.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/battambang/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/balthazar/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/y_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ymacron.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/rambla/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/alegreya/Alegreya-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/smokum/src/Smokum-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/podkova/METADATA.json.i
data/forum/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/monsieurladoulaise/src/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/skranji/Skranji-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/poiretone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/fascinate/Fascinate-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/iconic/src/magnifying_glass_alt.svg.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Light.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ycircumflex.glyph.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Light.devanagari.d
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/endash.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldwpicasc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Light.devanagari.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/iconic/src/pen.svg.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/o_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/T_cedilla.ss01.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d_.glif.i
data/junge/md5sum.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/limelight/src/Limelight-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/limelight/src/Limelight-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/prociono/src/Prociono-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/fresca/src/Fresca-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/jotione/JotiOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/metalmania/MetalMania-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0459.glif.i
data/acid/src/Acid-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/spicyrice-internal/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/voltaire/Voltaire-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Medium-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/specialelite/src/SpecialElite.vfb.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-Light.latin-ext.i
data/iconic/src/right_quote.svg.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Medium-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/medievalsharp/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0210.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/sueellenfrancisco/OFL.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/junge/src/Junge-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10086.glif.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/longs.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/apache/nokora/Nokora-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/justmeagaindownhere/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/longs.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/miniver/Miniver-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_290.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/marmelad/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/Inconsolata.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/asul/METADATA.i
data/charissil/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/Tuffy-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/jotione/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_c_.glif.i
data/ofl/alexbrush/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/tuffy/md5sum.i
data/londrinaoutline/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/ptsansnarrow/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif.i
data/ofl/economica/src/Economica-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/shortstack/src/ShortStack-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/itilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/thabit/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bevan/src/ikern/Bevan_ik.ttf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_tilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/sharetech/src/ShareTech-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/limelight/Limelight.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/passionone/src/PassionOne-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/warnes/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/lobster/md5sum.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasR.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/kenia/Kenia-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_acute.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_j_.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Italic.greek+latin.log.i
data/radley/Radley-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/chicle/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ribeyemarrow/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/ewert/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/trocchi/Trocchi-Regular.latin.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinasolid/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/robotocondensed/md5sum.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_Z.plate.i
data/ofl/eczar/Eczar-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/mrssheppards/MrsSheppards-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/varela/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/nine.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/antonio/Antonio-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/caladea/src/Caladea-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/signika/Signika-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/signika/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/freehand/Freehand.ttf.i
data/ofl/puritan/METADATA.json.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/src/Quantico-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/brunoace/src/BrunoAce-Regular.vfb.i
data/ptsans/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0413.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/N_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Semibold.vfb.i
data/ofl/misssaintdelafield/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/monacal/src/Monacal-Bold-OTF.vfbak.i
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather_v021.enc.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HairlineItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HairlineItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/felipa/Felipa-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/goudybookletter1911/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-SemiBold.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeye/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/parisienne/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/federo/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/plaster/Plaster-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.sups.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_6.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/src/SourceSansPro-Semibold.otf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/src/SourceSansPro-Semibold.otf.i
data/ofl/margarine/Margarine-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/marvel/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/otf/EBGaramond.otf.i
data/ofl/nunito/Nunito-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/otf/EBGaramond.otf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/angkor/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/radley/Radley-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/OpenSans-CondLightItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Thin.ttf.i
data/didactgothic/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-Book.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/glegoo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/fruktur/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/t_y.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/i-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/galdeano/src/Galdeano-Regular.otf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/radley/Radley.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/radley/Radley.ttf.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_085.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.ss01.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0423.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/designers/eben_sorkin/portrait.jpg.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_011.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-SemiBold.latin.i
data/tools/chars/string.py.i
data/missfajardose/src/MissFajardose-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_129.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/napostrophe.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_k.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_0A_.glif.i
data/novasquare/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/cuprum/Cuprum-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-SemiBoldItalic-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/mrssaintdelafield/src/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/holtwood/src/Holtwood.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/DancingScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/pinyonscript/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-ExtraBold.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/oleoscriptswashcaps/src/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tshe-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/overlock/Overlock-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/b.glyph.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.001.glif.i
data/julee/src/Julee-Regular.vfb.i
data/holtwoodonesc/HoltwoodOne.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldoublepica/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/deliusunicase/OFL.txt.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/bowlbyone/src/BowlbyOneSC-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.devanagari.i
data/lobster/src/Lobster-Cyrillic.fea.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020f_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/coustard/src/Coustard-Black.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/macondo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/bubblegumsans/METADATA.json.i
data/leaguescript/LeagueScript-Thin.menu.i
data/tenorsans/TenorSans-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_01.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_circumflex.glif.i
data/bevan/src/ikern/Bevan.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hacek.glif.i
data/kronaone/KronaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/revalia/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-BoldItalic.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_045.i
data/ofl/monacal/src/Monacal-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/exo/src/Exo-ExtraBoldItalic.sfd.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/berkshireswash/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/at.plate.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0419.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Bold-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/buda/Buda-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/thabit/src/cour/README.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0214.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/apache/notosansugaritic/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/K_commaaccent.glif.i
data/metamorphous/src/Metamorphous-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni00B5.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/sevillana/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/qwigley/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic-hinting_source.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/irishgrowler/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/geostar/Geostar-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_9.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/londrinasolid/src/LondrinaSolid-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/parisienne/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/emblemaone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/baumans/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_j.liga.glif.i
data/lohit-tamil/md5sum.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/chelaone/ChelaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsancondensed/src/SeoulNamsanCBL.otf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/notosanshanunoo/NotoSansHanunoo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/kavoon/Kavoon-Regular.menu.i
data/loveyalikeasister/src/LoveYaLikeASister.vfb.d
data/loveyalikeasister/src/LoveYaLikeASister.vfb.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsancondensed/src/SeoulNamsanCBL.otf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/arrowboth.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/apache/justanotherhand/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/rumraisin/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Eacute.glyph.i
data/ofl/aldrich/METADATA.json.i
data/amarante/Amarante-Regular.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_9.glif.i
data/ofl/molle/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/anton/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/apache/unkempt/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/shadowsintolighttwo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ka-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/flamenco/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni04C0_.glif.i
data/ofl/coustard/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/graduate/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/caladea/src/Caladea-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/goudybookletter1911/md5sum.i
data/cevicheone/CevicheOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/marckscript/src/MarckScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/cabincondensed/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/marckscript/src/MarckScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/t_y.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSansMono-Regular.latin-ext.log.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/src/Shojumaru-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/portlligatslab/PortLligatSlab-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/marcellus/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldoublepicasc/IMFeDPsc28P.latin.i
data/ruda/src/Ruda-Black-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/pontanosans/PontanoSans-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0400.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/breve.case.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.greek-ext.d
data/galdeano/src/Galdeano-Regular.vfb.i
data/limelight/src/Limelight-drawings.otf.i
data/ruda/src/Ruda-Black-TTF.sfd.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/strong/Strong-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/Oxygen-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/supermercadoone/src/SupermercadoOne-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/bilboswashcaps/src/BilboSwashCaps-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0422.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ezra/src/mappings/iso-8859-1.map.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/brawler/Brawler-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Regular-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/tenaliramakrishna/TenaliRamakrishna-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/drsugiyama/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/i-cy.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020b_.glif.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/OpenSans-CondLight.greek-ext.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.greek.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.greek.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/skranji/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/enriqueta/Enriqueta-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/changa/Changa-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/kje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/pontanosans/.git/ORIG_HEAD.i
data/apache/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/felltypes/IMFeGPrm28P.menu.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/swankyandmoomoo/src/SwankyandMooMoo.vfb.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Light.menu.i
data/chauphilomeneone/ChauPhilomeneOne-Italic.latin.i
data/overlock/Overlock-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeyemarrow/src/RibeyeMarrow.ai.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/e.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/chivo/Chivo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/ribeyemarrow/src/RibeyeMarrow.ai.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/timmana/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/metamorphous/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/snippet/Snippet.ttf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/rufina/Rufina-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ffl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/imprima/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/notosansmalayalam/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.case.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/limelight/src/Limelight-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/stalinistone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/esteban/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/andada/Andada-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/londrinashadow/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/sedansc/src/SedanSC-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/istokweb/menusubset-istokweb.ff.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasI.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/question.glyph.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.latin.i
data/jura/Jura-Medium.greek-ext+latin.i
data/shojumaru/Shojumaru-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bentham/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/puritan/src/generate.py.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0094.glif.i
data/craftygirls/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/stardosstencil/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/tienne/src/Tienne-Regular.otf.i
data/playfairdisplay/src/Fontlab/Truetype/Playfair display italic TT FL HANDHINT 48.vfb.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ebreve.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/yen.plate.i
data/ofl/grandhotel/GrandHotel-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Bold.greek.i
data/apache/tinos/METADATA.json.i
data/charissil/CharisSIL-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/archivoblack/ArchivoBlack-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/changaone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/antic/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/courgette/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0218.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/economica/Economica-Italic.latin.i
data/boogaloo/BoogalooOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-UltraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020C_.glif.i
data/podkova/src/Podkova-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/caladea/src/Caladea-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/rationale/src/Rationale-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/mousememoirs/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/gudea/src/Gudea-test.ai.i
data/ofl/gudea/src/Gudea-test.ai.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/allura/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_ng.glif.i
data/ofl/play/menusubset.ff.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch29617533.png.i
data/apache/droidsansthai/DroidSansThai-Bold.thai.i
data/inder/Inder-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.subs.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/lohitdevanagari/EARLY_ACCESS.html.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_104.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Gacute_.glif.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/diplomata/Diplomata-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/cleanup_files_to_copy.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/signika/src/Signika-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/calligraffiti/METADATA.i
data/aclonica/Aclonica.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/balthazar/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/vibur/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/magra/Magra-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/petitformalscript/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/wacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/deliusunicase/DeliusUnicase-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/angkor/Angkor.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/kameron/Kameron-Bold.menu.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/lobster/Lobster.ttf.i
data/ofl/kalam/Kalam-Light.devanagari.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Italic.greek.i
data/ofl/miama/Miama-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/emilyscandy/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/share/Share-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/dosis/src/Dosis-Regular.otf.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/caesardressing/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/mate/src/Mate-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni0215.glif.i
data/ofl/seaweedscript/SeaweedScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/karlatamilupright/src/KarlaUpright-Regular-InVOLT.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ge-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_0.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/cousine/src/Cousine-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/cousine/src/Cousine-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/coveredbyyourgrace/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uhungarumlaut.glyph.i
data/ofl/dekko/OFL.txt.i
data/carterone/src/CarterOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/tangerine/Tangerine.menu2.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/giveyouglory/GiveYouGlory.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Acircumflex.modern.glyph.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/thegirlnextdoor/thegirlnextdoor.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/chango/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0418.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/allerta/src/Allerta-pdf.pdf.i
data/ofl/iceberg/Iceberg-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/arbutus/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ezrasil/src/Keyman/alef.bmp.i
data/ofl/cousine/Cousine-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/kaushanscript/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/radley/src/Radley-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/lato/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/oleoscript/OleoScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/mavenpro/MavenPro-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/humorsans/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/pinyonscript/src/PinyonScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/pinyonscript/src/PinyonScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Atilde.glyph.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_styles.fea.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/nixieone/NixieOne.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_acute.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/expletussans/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/sueellenfrancisco/SueEllenFrancisco.menu.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/hanalei/src/Hanalei-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/varela/Varela-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/andika/sources/graphite/pua.gdh.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seveneighths.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/apache/irishgrowler/IrishGrowler.ttf.i
data/apache/notosansmalayalam/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/cardo/Cardo-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/anton/Anton.latin.i
data/apache/arimo/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.latin.i
data/waitingforthesunrise/WaitingfortheSunrise.ttf.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Medium.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/amarante/Amarante-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/overlocksc/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/designers/julia_petretta/BIO.i
data/ofl/quintessential/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/kreon/src/Kreon-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/mrssaintdelafield/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/schoolbell/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-ThinItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0092.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/breve.smcp.glif.i
data/creteround/CreteRound-Italic.latin.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/preahvihear/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/misssaintdelafield/src/Miss Saint-Delafield-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10095.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-ExtraLightItalic.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/tharlon/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_107.i
data/ezrasil/src/mappings/se2de_2007.cct.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/euro.glif.i
data/ofl/ericaone/src/EricaOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Light.latin-ext.i
data/stoke/src/Stoke-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/slackey/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/quando/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-MediumItalic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/T_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/jockeyone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/amaticsc/METADATA.i
data/freehand/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/nanumgothic/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/fascinate/Fascinate-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE012.glyph.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/SeoulNamsan-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_40.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/mrbedford/MrBedfort-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2791.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_02.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/six.osf.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniE_F_F_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Thin.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/oe.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmr10/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/arrowupright.glif.i
data/ofl/lohittamil/EARLY_ACCESS.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0429.glif.i
data/inder/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_acute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/asul/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/sreekrushnadevaraya/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.telugu.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oldenburg/src/Oldenburg-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/cent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/sreekrushnadevaraya/SreeKrushnadevaraya-Regular.telugu.i
data/ofl/overtherainbow/src/OvertheRainbow.vfb.i
data/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-LI-hinting.ttf.i
data/federant/src/Federant-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-LI-hinting.ttf.d
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/ntr/NTR-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif.i
data/arvo/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/shcha-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Black.latin.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/enriqueta/Enriqueta-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/andika/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/yesevaone/src/YesevaOne-Regular_v2.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/six.sups.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinaoutline/LondrinaOutline-Regular.latin.i
data/oxygen/Oxygen-Regular.ttf.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/apostrophe.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/section.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/goblinone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-MediumItalic.ttf.i
data/robotocondensed/Roboto-CondensedItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/goudybookletter1911/src/GoudyBookletter1911.sfd.i
data/ofl/electrolize/Electrolize-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/handlee/Handlee-Regular.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_173.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/allertastencil/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/deliusunicase/src/DeliusUnicase-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/sanchez/src/Sanchez-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/seven.dnom.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_060.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_6_uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.case.glif.i
data/orbitron/src/Orbitron-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_169.i
data/mate/Mate-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cantarell/Cantarell-Oblique.latin.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/src/AlegreyaSansSC-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/SeoulHangang-ExtraBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/kalam/Kalam-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0BE.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/apache/notoseriflao/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/overlock/src/Overlock-BlackItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-LightItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/sigmarone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/gafata/Gafata-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/changaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/offside/src/Offside-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/snowburstone/SnowburstOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/leaguescript/LeagueScript.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cherryswash/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/caesardressing/CaesarDressing-Regular.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-TTF/Raleway-ExtraBold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_K.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/nanumpenscript/README.i
data/ofl/portersansblock/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/abreve.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cuprum/Cuprum-Italic.latin.i
data/lora/src/Lora-Italic-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_N.plate.i
data/sunshiney/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/lora/src/Lora-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/test_files/cyr.jpg.i
data/shojumaru/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/test_files/cyr.jpg.d
data/ofl/blackopsone/src/BlackOpsOne-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/ranchers/src/Ranchers-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/missfajardose/MissFajardose-Regular.latin.i
data/capriola/Capriola-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0421.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Medium.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/stalinistone/StalinistOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/W_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/kdamthmor/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/combo/src/Combo-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/designers/johan_kallas/BIO.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/allan/Allan-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/supermercadoone/src/SupermercadoOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/anticdidone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GenBasR.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_039.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/habibi/src/Habibi-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/share/src/Share-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/viga/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/apache/schoolbell/Schoolbell.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/marmelad/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni04C0_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/udieresis.alt.glyph.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/nobile/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/novaflat/NovaFlat.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0210.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/hanalei/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/o_macron.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_5.glif.i
data/spicyrice/src/SpicyRice-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/sniglet/Sniglet-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/unifrakturcook/md5sum.i
data/shadowsintolight/ShadowsIntoLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/oleoscript/src/OleoScript-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/r_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/thinspace.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresisacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/architectsdaughter/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/averiagruesalibre/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/headlandone/src/HeadlandOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/ofl/headlandone/src/HeadlandOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Dzhe-cy_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/average/src/Average-Regular-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/baumans/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/blackopsone/BlackOpsOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/nanumpenscript/src/NanumPen.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/uncialantiqua/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/nanumpenscript/src/NanumPen.otf.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_1_uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/a_dotcomb_dotcomb.glyph.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/vollkorn/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020a_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/sedan/Sedan-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_1.glif.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/m_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_f_k.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/philosopher/Philosopher-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/exo/METADATA.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020E_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/oswald/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/berkshireswash/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/kottaone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/istokweb/IstokWeb-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/marckscript/src/MarckScript-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/oneeighth.glif.i
data/marckscript/src/MarckScript-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Black.ttf.i
data/exo/Exo-DemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ptmono/menusubset-ptmono.ff.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_4.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/MavenPro-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni04B6_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/unifrakturcook/METADATA.i
data/miama/Miama-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/bangers/Bangers.menu.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ff.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_035.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/novascript/NovaScript.latin-ext.i
data/novascript/NovaScript.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ntilde.glyph.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Light.latin-ext.i
data/salsa/Salsa-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Regular.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Bold.vietnamese+latin.i
data/ofl/karla/Karla-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hardsign-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/trochut/src/Trochut-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/architectsdaughter/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE01C.glyph.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/daysone/src/DaysOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/butchermancaps/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/fruktur/Fruktur-Regular.latin.i
data/norican/Norican-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/grave.smcp.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0201.glif.i
data/apache/notosanssinhala/NotoSansSinhala-Regular.ttf.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-BoldItalic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-MediumItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/encodesans/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ncommaaccent.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/src/MontserratSubrayada-Bold-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uniF8FF.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/kellyslab/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/lemon/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/fanwoodtext/FanwoodText-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Regular.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-Italic.menu.i
data/pontanosans/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/wellfleet/Wellfleet-Regular.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/AlegreyaSans-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/varela/Varela-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/yesevaone/src/YesevaOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/karla/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/apache/calligraffitti/Calligraffitti-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/koulen/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/ovo/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/neucha/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Bold.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/spinnaker/Spinnaker-Regular.latin.i
data/bonbon/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/varelaround/VarelaRound-Regular.menu.i
data/cherrycreamsoda/CherryCreamSoda.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/loveyalikeasister/src/LoveYaLikeASister-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/bigshotone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/src/AlmendraSC-Bold.otf.i
data/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf.d
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/R_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/shortstack/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/marmelad/Marmelad-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_294.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.greek.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.greek.d
data/ofl/convergence/Convergence-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B6_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/averagesans/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/passeroone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_acute.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Regular.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/tuffy/Tuffy-BoldItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/newscycle/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf.d
data/newscycle/NewsCycle-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-BoldItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/wacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/felltypes/src/IM Fell Types-utf8.TXT.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Softsign-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gje-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/cherryswash/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/geostar/src/Geostar-Regular.vfb.i
data/istokweb/IstokWeb-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/cantarell/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/r.plate.i
data/ofl/thsarabunofl/THSarabunOFL-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cagliostro/Cagliostro-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/notosansdevanagariui/NotoSansDevanagariUI-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/thsarabunofl/THSarabunOFL-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/coda/src/Coda-Heavy.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/O-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/creteround/CreteRound-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/five.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/W_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/kreon/Kreon-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_083.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni04C0_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/asset/md5sum.i
data/rougescript/METADATA.i
data/ptmono/METADATA.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/debian/ttf-sil-padauk.install.i
data/ofl/novaflat/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/ptsansnarrow/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/carme/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/akronim/Akronim-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsansnarrow/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.cyrillic-ext.d
data/apache/justanotherhand/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ff.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/viga/Viga-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/concertone/md5sum.i
data/ezrasil/src/mappings/SILEzratoUni50.tec.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/SeoulHangangCM.otf.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/SeoulHangangCM.otf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/apache/fontdinerswanky/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/marvel/src/Marvel-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/novasquare/src/NovaSquare.sfd.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE036.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/markoone/src/MarkoOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_.ss01.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Bold-Latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/stardosstencil/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/engagement/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/prata/METADATA.json.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/src/OpenSansHebrew-LightItalic.glyphs.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/o_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/spirax/OFL.txt.i
data/jura/Jura-Light.greek+latin.i
data/telex/md5sum.i
data/shadowsintolighttwo/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/eatercaps/src/EaterCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/eatercaps/src/EaterCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_grave.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-LightItalic.vietnamese+latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/z.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/Oxygen-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/zero.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/prostoone/src/ProstoOne-Regular-Sketches.ai.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/LibreCaslonText-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/prostoone/src/ProstoOne-Regular-Sketches.ai.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_caron.glif.i
data/asul/src/Asul-Regular.otf.i
data/misssaintdelafield-internal/src/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE032.glyph.i
data/ofl/hennypenny/HennyPenny-Regular.menu.i
data/karla/Karla-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexyen/EARLY_ACCESS.script.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/three.osf.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/l.glyph.i
data/ofl/novascript/NovaScript.latin.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Bold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_5.glif.i
data/ofl/seaweedscript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/petitformalscript/PetitFormalScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/prata/src/Prata-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_d__uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/risque/Risque-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.smcp.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/stintultraexpanded/src/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.otf.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/frederickathegreat/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/odieresis.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/_null.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/delius/src/Delius-Regular.otf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/diplomatasc/src/DiplomataSC-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Medium.sfd.i
data/baligalang/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Medium.sfd.d
data/charissil/CharisSIL-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020a_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ccedilla.glyph.i
data/adamina/src/Adamina-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-bold002.menu2.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_008.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/emilyscandy/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0419.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021b_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/koulen/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/matesc/src/mate-google.jpg.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Thin.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/matesc/src/mate-google.jpg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/SILEOTSR.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.ss01.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-greek.txt.i
data/lilitaone/src/LilitaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_4.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Kje-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/frijole/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Bold.devanagari.i
data/ofl/magra/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Bold.devanagari.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/felltypes/IMFePIit28P.ttf.d
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_88.glif.i
data/felltypes/IMFePIit28P.ttf.i
data/nosifercaps/OFL.txt.i
data/jockeyone/src/JockeyOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-SemiBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni278b_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_ring.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsanvertical/src/SeoulNamsanVertical.otf.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsanvertical/src/SeoulNamsanVertical.otf.d
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/poppins/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/nomina/src/Nomina-LightItalic.otf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_f_j.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/dieresis.plate.i
data/apache/notosansui/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/guillemotleft.plate.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/cantarell/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/yi-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_87.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/fenix/Fenix-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/alfaslabone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/q.glyph.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_d__uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldoublepica/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/orienta/Orienta-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/tienne/Tienne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/METADATA.json.i
data/almendra/Almendra-Bold.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/mrbedford-internal/src/MrBedford-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/basic/Basic-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041D_.glif.i
data/apache/rochester/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/ruda/src/Ruda-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/ruda/src/Ruda-Regular-OTF.vfb.d
data/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/T_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/stalinone/METADATA.json.i
data/badscript/md5sum.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_00b_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0424.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/caladea/src/Caladea-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/trochut/src/Trochut-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-BlackItalic.latin-ext.d
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_127.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/breeserif/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-BlackItalic.latin-ext.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/petitformalscript/src/PetitFormalScript-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/y_acute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/matesc/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ezra/src/WordDocs/Simplified keyboard chart.doc.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/six.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/src/Shojumaru-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/cardo/Cardo98s.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_4.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/Cardo-Italic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/courgette/src/Courgette-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/apache/kranky/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/petrona/PetronaDescription.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/sofia/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/signika/src/Signika-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/anticslab/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/apostrophe.glif.i
data/ofl/chivo/src/Chivo-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/g.smcp.glif.i
data/inconsolata/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/allerta/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Italic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/u_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/frijole/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/flamenco/src/Flamenco-Light-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Oslash.glyph.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/emilyscandy/src/EmilysCandy-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/emilyscandy/src/EmilysCandy-Regular-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/creteround/src/CreteRound-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/craftygirls/CraftyGirls.ttf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/kaushanscript/src/KaushanScript-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e-cy.glif.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/SortsMillGoudy-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/W_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/ranchers/src/EXT_BLOAT.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/SortsMillGoudy-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/kottaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsancondensed/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_dotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/revalia/Revalia-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/O_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_5.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE01D.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/magra/Magra-Regular.menu.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_7.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/debian/changelog.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.smcp.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/Cabin-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/novaflat/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/glegoo/Glegoo-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_96.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/durusans/DuruSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/holtwoodonesc/src/HoltwoodOne.sfd.i
data/mrbedford-internal/src/MrBedford-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_6B_.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosislight/METADATA.json.i
data/strong/src/Strong-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/ruda/src/Ruda-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Sha-cy_.glif.i
data/flavors/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/tenorsans/TenorSans-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/judson/src/Judson-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/newrocker/src/NewRocker-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/adventpro/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ka-cy_.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/butchermancaps/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_295.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Q_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/racingsansone/src/RacingsSansOne-Preview.jpg.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-LightItalic.menu.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/rationale/Rationale-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/iconic/src/move_horizontal_alt1.svg.i
data/designers/wojciech_kalinowski/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/udieresisacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Bold-Latin.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0428.glif.i
data/droid/md5sum.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cevicheone/src/CevicheOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0237.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_8.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/J_.ss01.glif.i
data/newscycle/NewsCycle-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/hammersmithone/src/HammersmithOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_290.i
data/ofl/sigmarone/OFL.txt.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/amarante/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/w_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/seveneighths.glif.i
data/playball/src/PlayBall-Regular.otf.i
data/passionone/PassionOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-MediumItalic.otf.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.latin.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Germandbls_.alt.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/che-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_dieresis.glif.i
data/belgrano/src/Belgrano-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/andadasc/src/AndadaSC-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/racingsansone/src/RacingSansOne-Regular-OT.vfb.i
data/felltypes/FeFCrm27P.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/headlandone/HeadlandOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/J_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/deliusswashcaps/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/walterturncoat/src/WalterTurncoat-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_case.fea.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-Bold.devanagari.d
data/mrssheppards/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/monacal/Monacal-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-Bold.devanagari.i
data/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Italic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_4.glif.i
data/ofl/prata/Prata-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/geostar/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/apache/rocksalt/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/src/ElsieSwashCaps-Black-OTF.vfb.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020c_.glif.i
data/ofl/newrocker/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ruslandisplay/src/RuslanDisplay.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_086.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/macron.case.glif.i
data/ofl/rosarivo/src/Rosarivo-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/taprom/METADATA.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/creepster/OFL.txt.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/lato/Lato-BlackItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/src/menusubset-naskh.ff.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidotBoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/firsttonechinese.glif.i
data/ofl/armata/src/Armata-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.menu.d
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/novaround/NovaRound.ttf.i
data/ofl/donegalone/src/DonegalOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/alikeangular/src/AlikeAngular-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-MediumItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_238.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-MediumItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/anonymouspro/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/md5sum.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_050.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/allerta/Allerta-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/didactgothic/DidactGothic.ttf.i
data/lato/Lato-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0459.glif.i
data/hennypenny/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/magra/Magra-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0307.glif.i
data/ofl/mergeone/MergeOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/scada/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/andada/Andada-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/sources/TTFBconfig.xml.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-C-hinting.ttf.d
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-C-hinting.ttf.i
data/ofl/thegirlnextdoor/TheGirlNextDoor.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular-unhinted.ttf.i
data/signika/src/Signika-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancois/OFL.txt.i
data/gentiumbasic/OFL-FAQ.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/tools/encodings/arabic_unique-glyphs.nam.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-SemiBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/almendra/src/Almendra-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/kopubbatang/src/KoPubBatang-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/kopubbatang/src/KoPubBatang-Bold.otf.d
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/section.glyph.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/tradewinds/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/basic/Basic-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/ptmono/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/tagoni/src/Tagoni-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/actor/Actor-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Thin-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.case.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ze-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/anonymouspro/src/mark_simonson.jpg.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ushort-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/ofl/orienta/Orienta-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ptmono/PTM55FT.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/ruda/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/bilbo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/aclonica/md5sum.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/basic/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BlackItalic.vietnamese.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Italic.latin.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T__h.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/telex/Telex-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-SemiBold.menu.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/Padauk-Regular.ttf.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-MediumItalic.latin.i
data/abel/Abel-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/supermercadoone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/salsa/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/butcherman/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-Italic.menu.i
data/sortsmillgoudy-old/OFLGoudyStMTT-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/u_dieresis.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_acute.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/r_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_9.glif.i
data/ofl/frijole/Frijole-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/tools/menusubset/menu.hebrew.i
data/istok/Istok-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumbrushscript/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/share/Share-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0201.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_046.i
data/ofl/ericaone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-ThinItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/apache/crushed/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/monoton/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/lobster/src/Lobster-Cyrillic-TTF.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/enriqueta/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Light.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/gentium/src/OFL-FAQ.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_bar.glif.i
data/lovedbytheking/LovedbytheKing.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/apache/syncopate/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ruslandisplay/RuslanDisplay.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E6A_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/dangrek/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/telex/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/test-suite/regression.htxt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/questrial/METADATA.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Bold.vietnamese+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0422.glif.i
data/ofl/blackopsone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/chivo/src/Chivo-BlackItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/asul/Asul-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_acute.glif.i
data/wireone/WireOne.menu.i
data/mako/md5sum.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/varela/METADATA.json.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0419.glif.i
data/gentium/src/sources/GentiumIDesignSource.vfb.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B0_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/baumans/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/iconic/src/rss.svg.i
data/ofl/hammersmithone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/apache/notosanstaitham/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Bold.menu.d
data/ofl/sigmarone/SigmarOne.ttf.i
data/loveyalikeasister/LoveYaLikeASister.menu.i
data/ofl/blackopsone/BlackOpsOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/pompiere/Pompiere-Regular.latin.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/coda/Coda-Caption-Heavy.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_61.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/apache/montez/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/droidarabicnaskh/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexming/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10023.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/delius/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/src/Shojumaru-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/inder/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_.glif.i
data/happymonkey/HappyMonkey-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/buenard/Buenard-Bold.latin.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_2.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/apache/notokufiarabic/NotoKufiArabic-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/rosario/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/monsieurladoulaise/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Light.ttf.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/rochester/src/Rochester-Regular.vfb.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020a_.glif.i
data/ofl/abrilfatface/src/AbrilFatface-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/clara/Clara-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/rye/src/Rye-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/rye/src/Rye-Regular.vfb.d
data/gentiumbasic/src/GenBkBasI.vfb.i
data/irishgrowler/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ve-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/asap/src/Asap-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/asap/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/src/graphite/takes_lowProfile.gdh.i
data/eaglelake/src/EagleLake-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/imprima/Imprima-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/molengo/src/Molengo-Regular.sfd.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/lindenhill/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Schwa.glyph.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0237.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_.glif.i
data/chicle/Chicle-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.case.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Agrave.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/astloch/Astloch-Regular.menu.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/Rambla-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_40.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/bhavuka/METADATA.json.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni04BA_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hacek.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9f_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/ruluko/Ruluko-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/METADATA.json.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/macondoswashcaps/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hardsign-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ribeye/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/metal/Metal.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/InknutAntiqua-Bold.menu.i
data/simonetta/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/notosansgeorgian/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/four.lf.glif.i
data/federo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_043.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/economica/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d_z.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.numr.glif.i
data/parisienne/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/aubrey/Aubrey-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ocaron_.glif.i
data/lancelot/METADATA.i
data/iconic/src/fork.svg.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/tcaron.alt.glyph.i
data/macondoswashcaps/OFL.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni021B.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/src/Lora-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/miniver/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/src/Lora-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/thegirlnextdoor/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-ExtraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/EncodeSansCompressed-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/glassantiqua/GlassAntiqua-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/domine/Domine-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/inconsolata/Inconsolata-Regular.menu2.i
data/anton/src/ikern/Anton.ttf.i
data/ofl/peddana/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.latin-ext.log.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/three.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/tagoni/Tagoni-Italic.latin.i
data/averialibre/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Italic.otf.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/iconic/src/folder_fill.svg.i
data/ofl/atomicage/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/poiretone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBasic-Regular.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/diplomata/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/arapey/Arapey-Italic.ttf.i
data/cantataone/CantataOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ubuntu/RELEASENOTES.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/t_y.glif.i
data/montez/src/Montez-Regular.ai.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/montez/src/Montez-Regular.ai.i
data/maidenorange/MaidenOrange.menu.i
data/ofl/warnes/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Bold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/loversquarrel/METADATA.i
data/bitter/OFL.txt.i
data/londrinaoutline/LondrinaOutline-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/lovedbytheking/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.glif.i
data/prata/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/forum/Forum-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/src/AlmendraSC-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Edieresis.glyph.i
data/gorditas/src/Gorditas-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/apache/droidsansthai/DroidSansThai-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/LeckerliOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/D_caron.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/nine.sups.glif.i
data/frederickathegreat/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/sources/VOLT/EzraSILSR-Regular.vtp.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Italic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/hanaleifill/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/bracketleft.glyph.i
data/ofl/rosario/src/Rosario-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/g_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.smcp.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Thin.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Heavy-OTF.vfb.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/tools/nonhinting/prepcheck.py.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/demo-bold.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.glif.i
data/ofl/telex/src/Telex-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/eatercaps/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Symbols/sketch29622413.png.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0424.glif.i
data/goblinone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Light-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gcedilla_.glif.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Medium.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ptsans/src/korolkova.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/GentiumPlus-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hardsign-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/tt.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-Italic.ttf.i
data/allerta/src/allerta_stencil.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/src/Jura-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/src/ArchivoNarrow-Italic.otf.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_j_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif.i
data/radley/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/alegreya/Alegreya-Regular.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_94.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/seven.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/Anaheim-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/junge/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/g_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/molle/Molle-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/bullet.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/fasterone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/ofl/oflsortsmillgoudytt/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-CondBold.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/portlligatsans/src/PortLligatSans-Regular.otf.i
data/nobile/nobile_medium_italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/Inconsolata-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/latin-ext.nam.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/G_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_292.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular-unhinted.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/thorn.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-Medium.latin.i
data/apache/jsmathcmmi10/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/ikern/Bevan.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_d__uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/spicyrice-internal/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/leaguescript/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/oleoscript/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/metalmania/src/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ezrasil/Ezra-SIL-SR.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/adamina/md5sum.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10053.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-BoldItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0306.glif.i
data/goblinone/src/GoblinOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/koulen/Koulen.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/designers/denis_jacquerye/BIO.i
data/ofl/signika/Signika-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLightItalic.menu.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/EncodeSansCompressed-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/montez/src/Montez-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellenglish/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/coda/Coda-Heavy.menu.i
data/gentium/Gentium-Italic.latin.i
data/medievalsharp/METADATA.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBasic-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/prata/src/Prata-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBasic-Regular.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/buenard/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_6.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/sevillana/src/Sevillana-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00660068.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.smcp.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Thin.ttf.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Semibold.ttf.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.greek-ext.d
data/ptserif/src/PTF75F.ttf.d
data/philosopher/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/simonetta/Simonetta-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Semibold.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-DemiBold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/longs_b.glyph.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Gslash.glyph.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/LICENCE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/kopubbatang/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf.d
data/ofl/kopubbatang/KoPubBatang-Light.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif.i
data/bitter/src/Bitter-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/GenBasB.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/utilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ranchers/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gloriahallelujah/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/signika/src/Signika-Semibold.vfb.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/src/ArchivoNarrow-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/nanumgothiccoding/EARLY_ACCESS.html.i
data/newscycle/src/NewsCycle-Regular_ik.vfb.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/coda/Coda-Regular.ttf.i
data/terminaldosis/Dosis-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/crimsontext/CrimsonText-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/unifrakturcook/src/unifraktur.gdl.i
data/glassantiqua/GlassAntiqua-Regular.menu.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/blackopsone/src/BlackOpsOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/tools/subset/subsetft.py.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf.d
data/ofl/italiana/Italiana-Regular.latin.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/MavenPro-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.case.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-Regular.latin.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ezra/src/mappings/SILEzratoUni50.tec.i
data/ofl/dellarespira/DellaRespira-Regular.latin.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.latin.i
data/ubuntumono/menusubset-ubuntumono.ff.i
data/kaffeesatz/archive/YanoneKaffeesatz-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/sortsmillgoudy/SortsMillGoudy-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/sortsmillgoudy/SortsMillGoudy-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/sigmarone/src/SigmarOne.vfb.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/share/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/nine.dnom.glif.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasR.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenicBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/one.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_croat.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/glegoo/Glegoo-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/breve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/thabit/src/Thabit.fea.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_02.glif.i
data/hammersmithone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/w_.glif.i
data/ofl/overtherainbow/OvertheRainbow.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE06A.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_7.glif.i
data/iceland/Iceland-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/cardo/src/Manual98a.pdf.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf.d
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/keaniaone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/apache/notosansdevanagariui/NotoSansDevanagariUI-Bold.ttf.i
data/apache/creepstercaps/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/thabit/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_9.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/felltypes/IMFeFCrm28P.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/armata/Armata-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/u_macron.glif.i
data/aguafinascript/OFL.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/oldstandard/OldStandard-Italic.ttf.i
data/carter/Carter-Regular.ttf.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/carter/Carter-Regular.ttf.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.vfb.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/OFL.txt.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-telugu-menu.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/droidarabickufi/md5sum.i
data/puritan/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/miltonian/src/Miltonian-Regular.otf.i
data/ezra/src/mappings/r2l_2004.cct.i
data/ofl/radley/src/test-italic.html.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/graduate/src/Graduate-Regular-specimen.jpg.d
data/daysone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/n.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/graduate/src/Graduate-Regular-specimen.jpg.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/bitter/Bitter-Regular.ttf.i
data/patuaone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/zerowidthspace.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/bubblegumsans/src/BubblegumSans-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/oldstandard/src/OldStandard-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Bold.devanagari.d
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Bold.devanagari.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/oldstandard/src/OldStandard-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/bonbon/Bonbon-Regular.latin.i
data/tools/lint/lib/icu4j-charset-4_8_1_1.jar.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_97.glif.i
data/princesssofia/PrincessSofia-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/trocchi/.directory.i
data/bentham/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_02.glif.i
data/missfajardose/src/MissFajardose-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/de-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/galindo/src/Galindo-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Yeru-cy_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/josefin/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/l.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/expletussans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/caron.smcp.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/tagoni/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/gidugu/Gidugu-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-Black.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ocaron.glif.i
data/fondamento/Fondamento-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/purplepurse/PurplePurse-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni020F_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/LibreBaskerville-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/karlatamilinclined/orig/KarlaTamilInclined-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_165.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/emilyscandy/EmilysCandy-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00730070.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_6A_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/afii299.glyph.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf.d
data/nanumgothiccoding/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oleoscript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/sniglet/src/Sniglet Specimen - Regular Uppercase.png.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/lslash.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/rugeboogie/RugeBoogie-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/io-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/allan/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/emblemaone/EmblemaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-Medium.greek.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/five.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10094.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexkai/OFL.txt.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/fugazone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_171.i
data/ofl/andada/src/Andada-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/alexbrush/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE074.glyph.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-ExtraBold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ledger/src/Ledger-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/LifeSavers-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/LifeSavers-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif.i
data/ofl/play/src/Play-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/puritan/src/Puritan-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/unkempt/Unkempt-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/braceright.glyph.i
data/inika/Inika-Bold.ttf.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Regular.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/MontserratAlternates-Regular-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_062.i
data/stintultracondensed/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/dawningofanewday/DawningofaNewDay.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/overlocksc/md5sum.i
data/ofl/judson/Judson-Italic.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/src/Sarpanch-Bold.otf.i
data/philosophertwo/md5sum.i
data/philosophertwo/src/PhilosopherTwo-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/merriweather/Merriweather-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-SemiBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/allerta/src/AllertaStencil-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Book-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Bold.latin.d
data/nobile/src/nobile_italic_bold.ttx.i
data/tangerine/Tangerine_Bold.ttf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_102.i
data/ofl/ribeyemarrow/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/economica/Economica-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_9.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/philosopher/METADATA.i
data/allerta/newsrc/Allerta-Stencil.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/noticiatext/NoticiaText-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/encodesans/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0437.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/suravaram/Suravaram-Regular.latin.i
data/mrbedfort/MrBedfort-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Abreve.glyph.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-SemiBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE057.glyph.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/arbutus/src/Arbutus-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/iconic/src/clock.svg.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ge-cy.glif.i
data/trochut/Trochut-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/vt323/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/omacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/flamenco/src/Flamenco-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00660062.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumgothiccoding/NanumGothicCoding-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cambo/Cambo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/andada/Andada-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ptserif/src/PTF56F_W.svg.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/NerkoOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/changa/Changa-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/alike/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/c_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/four.uppercase.glyph.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/Cabin-Regular.vfb.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_acute.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Bold.vfb.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/abreve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif.i
data/ofl/fascinate/src/Fascinate-Regular.otf.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Bold.vfb.i
data/voltaire/src/Voltaire-Regular.vfb.i
data/dosis/src/Dosis-SemiBold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0423.glif.i
data/goudybookletter1911/src/GoudyBookletter1911-TTF.sfd.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/w.ss01.glif.i
data/goudybookletter1911/src/GoudyBookletter1911-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/CR_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/portlligatsans/METADATA.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/almendra/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/tinos/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif.i
data/ofl/engagement/src/Engagement-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/t_t.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/devonshire/Devonshire-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/j_mach_wust.jpg.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.ss01.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ha-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/j_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/e.smcp.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/copyright.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/periodcentered.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/apache/droidsansthai/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/s.glyph.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-LightItalic.menu.i
data/pompiere/src/Pompiere.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04C0_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/sniglet/md5sum.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/iconic/src/reload.svg.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/dosis/Dosis-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-SemiBoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/geo/Geo-Oblique.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Dzhe-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/test-suite/badSequences.htxt.i
data/ofl/bokor/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ropasans/OFL.txt.i
data/parisienne/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/salsa/Salsa-Regular.latin.i
data/sortsmillgoudy-deprecated/OFLGoudyStMTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/firamono/FiraMono-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04BA_.glif.i
data/londrinashadow/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Hairline.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Hairline.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/metamorphous/src/Metamorphous-Regular.otf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/esteban/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/miltonian/src/Miltonian-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_1.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/kcedilla.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Black.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.case.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Black.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/droidserifthai/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/allerta/src/Allerta-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/src/DancingScript-Regular-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_U.glyph.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/rosario/src/Rosario-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/src/OpenSans-CondLight.ttf.i
data/oleoscript/src/OleoScript-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/poly/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-Thin.latin.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Italic.cyrillic+latin.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9c_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/modernantiqua/ModernAntiqua.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dze-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/apostrophe.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/t_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/unlock/Unlock-Regular.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_017.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_kern.fea.i
data/scheherazade/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/marcellussc/MarcellusSC-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/passionone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_OE.plate.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/sharetechmono/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/sixcaps/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_033.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-Unmerged Source/Raleway-Regular-Italic.vfb.i
data/quantico/src/Quantico-Regular.otf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.glif.i
data/ofl/tenorsans/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/mappings/r2l_2004.cct.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/gbreve.glyph.i
data/noticiatext/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-ThinItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/indieflower/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/alike/src/Alike-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/carme/src/Carme-Regular.otf.i
data/breeserif/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/pecita/menusubset-pecita.ff.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/neucha/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/iconic/src/last.svg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/afii301.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsansstdlight/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/kreon/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/creteround/CreteRound-Regular.ttf.i
data/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/sortsmillgoudy/src/SortsMillGoudy-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/sedan/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/scaron.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-SemiBold.devanagari.i
data/buenard/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/sterling.smcp.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d_croat.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/font-source/padauk_src.vtp.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.case.glif.i
data/italianno/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-LightItalic.latin.i
data/sonsieone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/n_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/kantumruy/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_slash.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/geo/Geo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/quando/src/Quando-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/meiescript/MeieScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Black.greek-ext.d
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Black.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_285.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.korean.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/SeoulHangangCondensed-Light.korean.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/src/GenBkBasR.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Light.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/nine.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01F5_.glif.i
data/cambo/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/arizonia/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE093.glyph.i
data/nanumbrush/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/apache/notoserifgeorgian/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Regular.ttf.d
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/uncialantiqua/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Tse-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/sedan/src/Sedan-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/lemon/Lemon-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Wdieresis.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/allerta/src/AllertaStencil-Regular-VTT.ttf.i
data/ezra/src/mappings/unpoint.cct.i
data/buenard/Buenard-Boldo.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/MontserratSubrayada-Bold.menu.i
data/marcellussc/src/MarcellusSC-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Itilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/softsign-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-DemiBold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/londrinaoutline/LondrinaOutline-Regular.latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/basic/Basic-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucaron.glif.i
data/candal/src/Candal.ttx.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/caudex/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/almendra/Almendra-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/autourone/METADATA.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexkai/cwTeXKai-zhonly.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexkai/cwTeXKai-zhonly.ttf.d
data/ofl/sirinstencil/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/gje-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tshe-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBold.latin.i
data/cutive/.git/hooks/pre-rebase.sample.i
data/gentiumplus/src/GentiumPlus-Italic-designsource.vfb.i
data/arbutus/Arbutus-Regular.ttf.i
data/gentiumplus/src/GentiumPlus-Italic-designsource.vfb.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE095.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/content/Content-Bold.ttf.i
data/carterbold/src/CarterBold-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_4.glif.i
data/carterbold/src/CarterBold-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/o_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/atilde.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seveneighths.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/tenorsans/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Bold.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_acute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/gheupturn-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cantataone/CantataOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-LightItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/apache/droidsanstamil/src/src.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/indieflower/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/voltaire/Voltaire-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-DemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_015.glif.i
data/droid/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/oleoscript/src/OleoScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-Regular.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/apache/notosansosmanya/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/swankyandmoomoo/src/SwankyandMooMoo-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_122.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.ss01.glif.i
data/asul/src/Asul-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ibreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/font-source/padaukbookbold_src.ttf.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/src/PathwayGothicOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.cyrillic-ext.i
data/londrinasolid/src/LondrinaSolid-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/neuton/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/apache/notosanskayahli/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/marvel/src/Marvel-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/Keyman/Ezra2.4.kps.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/cardo/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/at.smcp.glif.i
data/anticslab/md5sum.i
data/monsieurladoulaise/src/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/alfaslabone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/mappings/iso-8859-1.map.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/josefinslab/src/JosefinSlab-ThinItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/overlock/src/Overlock-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/iconic/src/cd.svg.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/foursuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/apache/droidserifthai/DroidSerifThai-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/pompiere/src/Pompiere-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_y.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h_bar.glif.i
data/ofl/lobster/src/Lobster-Cyrillic.vfb.i
data/iconic/METADATA.i
data/muli/src/Muli-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-Light.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-SemiBoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/lato/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/durusans/src/DuruSans-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/U_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/missfajardose/src/MissFajardose-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/iceberg/Iceberg-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/missfajardose/src/MissFajardose-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/fjallaone/src/FjallaOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_4_uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif.i
data/apache/ultra/METADATA.json.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/_1.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic.vfb.d
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/fanwoodtext/src/FanwoodText-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/sortsmillgoudy/OFLGoudyStMTT.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/fanwoodtext/src/FanwoodText-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ThinItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_8a_.glif.i
data/chewy/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/designers/nidud/BIO.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B1_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/battambang/Battambang-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nine.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/bangers/Bangers.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0429.glif.i
data/bitter/Bitter-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/codacaption/Coda-Caption-Heavy.menu.i
data/modernantiqua/ModernAntiqua-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif.i
data/concertone/src/ConcertOne-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/nunito/src/Nunito-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/vt321/src/vt321-sample.png.i
data/signikanegative/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/sixcaps/src/SixCaps-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-SemiBold.devanagari.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/russoone/RussoOne-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/annieuseyourtelescope/OFL.txt.i
data/terminaldosis/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/economica/Economica-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Light.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.numr.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/gelasio/src/Gelasio-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Gdotaccent.modern.glyph.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ograve.smcp.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/oldstandard/OFL.txt.i
data/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/italiana/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/artifika/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-Light.latin.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/emblemaone/src/EmblemaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/mysteryquest/MysteryQuest-Regular.ttf.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Regular.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10089.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_4.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/iceberg/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/aguafinascript/src/Aguafina-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/gentiumplus/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/esteban/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2007.glif.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/VesperLibre-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_7.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/crimson/src/sources/Crimson-Italic.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/crimson/src/sources/Crimson-Italic.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/contrailone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif.i
data/apache/fontdinerswanky/FontdinerSwanky.menu.i
data/alfaslabone/AlfaSlabOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/chelaone/src/ChelaOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif.i
data/marvel/src/Marvel-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/apache/maidenorange/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/D_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/menusubset-korean.ff.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Fontlab/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.flc.i
data/ofl/metrophobic/Metrophobic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/prociono/Prociono-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/audiowide/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/andikabasiccompact/AndikaBasicCompact-Regular-FAQ-KI.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni000D.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasI.latin-ext.ttf.nam.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/germaniaone/GermaniaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/el-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/stoke/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/SeoulHangangCL.otf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/SeoulHangangCL.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/paprika/src/Paprika-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/abel/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni04B_0.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowdown.glif.i
data/ofl/averialibre/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/kristi/Kristi.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/averagesans/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_dieresis.glif.i
data/averiasansgwf/AveriaSansGWF-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/anticdidone/src/AnticDidone-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/lancelot/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansbrahmi/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/overlocksc/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.case.glif.i
data/unifrakturcook/src/KochFraktur-UNZ1A.zip.d
data/ofl/chelaone/OFL.txt.i
data/unifrakturcook/src/KochFraktur-UNZ1A.zip.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_3.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/Underdog-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/devonshire/src/Devonshire-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni021a_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/devonshire/src/Devonshire-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kaf-hb.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Black.devanagari.d
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_features.fea.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Black.devanagari.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/monacal/src/Monacal-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onethird.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif.i
data/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjoBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/dawningofanewday/src/DawningofaNewDay.vfb.i
data/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjoBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Medium.devanagari.d
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Medium.devanagari.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/METADATA.json.i
data/londrinasketch/LondrinaSketch-Regular.latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/flamenco/Flamenco-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0402.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bp.util.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/dawningofanewday/src/DawningofaNewDay.otf.i
data/nunito/src/Nunito-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/src/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/four.lf.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Itilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/basic/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/zcaron.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/src/ExpletusSans-Medium.vfb.i
data/ofl/coveredbyyourgrace/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/unna/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0A9.glyph.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e_th.glif.i
data/imprima/src/Imprima-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinasolid/LondrinaSolid-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/designers/olga_umpeleva/BIO.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_h.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/estimated.glif.i
data/fredokaone/src/Fredoka Sampler.jpg.i
data/fredokaone/src/Fredoka Sampler.jpg.d
data/ofl/tagoni/Tagoni-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.case.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/limelight/Limelight.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-Light.ttf.d
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/orbitron/md5sum.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasBI.latin.log.i
data/balthazar/Balthazar-Regular.latin.i
data/terminaldosislight/src/TerminalDosis-Light.vfb.i
data/dorsa/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/LifeSavers-ExtraBold.latin.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/shojumaru/src/Shojumaru-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/kaushanscript/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/chauphilomeneone/src/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ccircumflex_.glif.i
data/molengo/src/xgf/Molengo-Regular.xgf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/thegirlnextdoor/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/devonshire/Devonshire-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni020B_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/src/Quantico-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/merienda/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_h.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/stintultracondensed/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/enriqueta/src/Enriqueta-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nbspace.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/lobster/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/apache/syncopate/src/Syncopate-Regular.vfb.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_006.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancois/src/JacquesFrancois-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni205f_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/y.ss01.glif.i
data/boogaloo/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/NULL_.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-Medium.latin-ext.d
data/molengo/Molengo-Regular.menu.i
data/lemonone/src/LemonOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/risque/src/Risque-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/src/GFSNeohellenicBoldIt.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_8.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_052.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/pollerone/md5sum.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bitter/src/Bitter-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/k.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/Quantico-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/robotocondensed/Roboto-BoldCondensed.ttf.i
data/portlligatslab/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/scada/Scada-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/aldrich/src/Aldrich-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/holtwoodonesc/md5sum.i
data/stardosstencil/StardosStencil-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/u-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/oacute.glyph.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/designers/jonas_hecksher/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/vastshadow/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/condiment/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10039.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-UltraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/phetsarath/EARLY_ACCESS.css.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-DemiBold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/felipa/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/oldstandard/OldStandard-Bold.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni0201.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HeavyItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/monofett/Monofett.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/forum/src/Forum-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/es-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.glif.i
data/strong/METADATA.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/tools/encodings/greek_unique-glyphs.nam.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ribeye/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/balthazar/src/Balthazar-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_V.plate.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/rokkitt/Rokkitt-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ring.case.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Germandbls_.alt2.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.ss01.glif.i
data/neucha/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/ofl/mousememoirs/src/MouseMemoirs-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/src/Quantico-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif.i
data/rochester/Rochester-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/ovo/Ovo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/florin.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/habibi/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/varelaround/src/VarelaRound-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/q.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cookie/Cookie-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/eater/Eater-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/src/ArchivoNarrow-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif.i
data/ofl/domine/Domine-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/stintultraexpanded/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/u_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/ofl/novascript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/iconic/src/move_horizontal_alt2.svg.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_1.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_1F_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/adventpro/AdventPro-Regular.ttf.i
data/philosophertwo/PhilosopherTwo-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/judson/METADATA.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/i.glyph.i
data/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Bold-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/geostarfill/src/GeostarFill-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Bold.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/sevillana/src/Sevillana-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_00.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/cuprum/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/seveneighths.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0403.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/tuffy/menusubset-tuffy.ff.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/voces/Voces-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/cantarell/src/eot/Cantarell-BoldOblique.eot.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-ThinItalic.latin-ext.i
data/indieflower/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/modernantiqua/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/c_r_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidotBold.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE020.glyph.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/zdotaccent.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/glassantiqua/src/GlassAntiqua-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ring.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/lustria/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/sevillana/METADATA.json.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/share/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Nineroman.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/c_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/overlocksc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/righteous/src/Righteous-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/tradewinds/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020d_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/passionone/PassionOne-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/exo/Exo-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020A_.glif.i
data/ofl/viga/src/Viga-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cambay/Cambay-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/h_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Regular.vietnamese+latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/coda/OFL.txt.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/gruppo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0429.glif.i
data/ofl/questrial/Questrial-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/apache/walterturncoat/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/metamorphous/src/Metamorphous-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/zero.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/metamorphous/src/Metamorphous-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/lekton/Lekton-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.greek.i
data/chenla/Chenla.ttf.i
data/caudex/Caudex-BoldItalic.greek+latin.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBold.greek-ext+latin.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.greek.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenicItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/blackopsone/src/BlackOpsOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/junge/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/deliusunicase/src/DeliusUnicase-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/Amaranth-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Scommaaccent.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/anaheim/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/lemon/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_4.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Black.ttf.d
data/ofl/librebaskerville/src/LibreBaskerville-Regular.otf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_00a_.glif.i
data/ofl/pecita/Pecita.ttf.i
data/ofl/pecita/Pecita.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni042A_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/karlatamilinclined/src/KarlaUpright-Bold-InVOLT.ttf.i
data/ofl/stintultracondensed/src/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif.i
data/ofl/novascript/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/averiasansgwf/AveriaSansGWF-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/bayon/Bayon.khmer.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e_caron.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_c2sc.fea.i
data/ofl/geo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/karlatamilupright/orig/KarlaTamilUpright-Regular.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/carroisgothic/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_3.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/src/OpenSansHebrew-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/creepster/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/apache/notosansmeeteimayek/NotoSansMeeteiMayek-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/medievalsharp/MedievalSharp.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/n_u_l_l_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-SemiBold.latin.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0210.glif.i
data/ofl/sharetech/ShareTech-Regular.ttf.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/LICENCE-FAQ.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/montez/Montez-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/missfajardose/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/revalia/Revalia-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/share/Share-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/anticdidone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ccaron.glyph.i
data/voces/Voces-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/onethird.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/kellyslab/src/KellySlab-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/oflsortsmillgoudytt/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/a.smcp.glif.i
data/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_041.i
data/ofl/badscript/src/BadScript-Regular.otf.i
data/deliusunicase/src/DeliusUnicase-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif.i
data/apache/schoolbell/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/ptsans/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/signika/Signika-Semibold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_5.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/margarine/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni04C0_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_4.glif.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/EARLY_ACCESS.css.i
data/ofl/battambang/Battambang-Regular.menu.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/two.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/OTF/Montserrat-Hairline.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/designers/nathan_willis/BIO.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/lindenhill/LindenHill-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/audiowide/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/notosansarmenian/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/z.plate.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_036.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lslash.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/phetsarath/Phetsarath-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/jura/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/apache/nokora/Nokora-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/chivo/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oregano/src/Oregano-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/felltypes/FeGPrm27P.menu.i
data/ofl/cedarvillecursive/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/jollylodger/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/sigmarone/METADATA.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_01.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Regular.ttf.d
data/apache/notosanscypriotsyllabary/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/mako/src/Mako-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/griffy/OFL.txt.i
data/adventpro/AdventPro-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/nixieone/src/NixieOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/unlock/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/apache/droidsansethiopic/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.smcp.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-BlackItalic.latin.i
data/cuprum/src/Cuprum-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni2154.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/OFL.txt.i
data/portlligatslab/src/PortLligatSlab-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ia-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/longs_lcaron.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/kottaone/KottaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/NULL_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-Light.menu.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTZ56F_W.svg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/share/src/shareexp/src/Share-RegularExp.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-Bold.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/belgrano/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/bilbo/Bilbo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-SemiBold-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/sancreek/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/UFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/karla/src/Karla-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/zero.subs.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-MediumItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/aguafinascript/AguafinaScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0418.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/sedansc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bigelowrules/BigelowRules-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/glassantiqua/GlassAntiquaNew-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/lovedbytheking/src/LovedbytheKing.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/sourceserifpro/SourceSerifPro-Regular.latin.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_205.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-Regular.ttf.i
data/devonshire/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch29617374.png.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.smcp.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-Bold.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/inika/src/Inika-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/rammettoone/RammettoOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.subs.glif.i
data/podkova/src/Podkova-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uniF_8F_F_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/architectsdaughter/src/ArchitectsDaughter-75.sfd.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/stoke/Stoke-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/src/Dosis-SemiBold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/novamono/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/federo/OFL.txt.i
data/volkhov/src/Volkhov-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/share/Share-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/quattrocento/src/Quattrocento-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/kcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ribeyemarrow/src/RibeyeMarrow-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/lekton/src/Lekton-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_7.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellgreatprimer/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Italic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Light.devanagari.i
data/ofl/paytoneone/src/PaytoneOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Regular.thai.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/apache/syncopate/src/Syncopate-Bold-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/sacramento/Sacramento-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nbspace.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/em-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/radley/src/Radley-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/sigmarone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/question.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/arbutus/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-OTF/Raleway-ExtraLight-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/alexbrush/AlexBrush-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/ramabhadra/Ramabhadra-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/alexbrush/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-SemiLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Bold.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/clara/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/ofl/cwtexfangsong/src/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Light.ttf.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_locals.fea.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE066.glyph.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zayin-hb.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_6a_.glif.i
data/ofl/jockeyone/JockeyOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/src/TerminalDosis-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/delius/src/Delius-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/bowlbyone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/overlocksc/OverlockSC-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/tenorsans/src/TenorSans-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/yesteryear/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/src/Inconsesi-Regular.otf.i
data/niconne/Niconne-Regular.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/marmelad/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/modernantiqua/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/f_y.glif.i
data/egyslabthin/src/EGYSlabThin-Italic.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/eater/Eater-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/nixieone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/sintony/src/Sintony-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_B_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/judson/Judson-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playball/Playball-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/overlock/src/Overlock-BlackItalic-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/onethird.glyph.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/peralta/OFL.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/hammersmithone/HammersmithOne-Regular.latin.i
data/diplomatasc/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/judson/OFL.txt.i
data/ezrasil/src/WordDocs/Unicode Ezra Chart17short.xls.i
data/hammersmithone/HammersmithOne.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_2.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_d_.glif.i
data/ledger/src/Ledger-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/waitingforthesunrise/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/ranchers/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/tenorsans/TenorSans-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/fondamento/Fondamento-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_201.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/quando/Quando-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/y.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/allerta/src/AllertaStencil-Regular-VTT.ttf.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/craftygirls/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/stoke/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/four.dnom.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/butchermancaps/METADATA.json.i
data/spiral/src/Spiral-Regular.vfb.d
data/spiral/src/Spiral-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/ranchers/src/Ranchers-Regular.otf.i
data/arimo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/c_acute.glif.i
data/sniglet/src/Sniglet_Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/numero.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/jockeyone/JockeyOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/clickerscript/src/ClickerScript-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/src/AlmendraSC-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/poly/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/tagoni/Tagoni-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/yesevaone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Symbols/sketch29622381.png.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_1.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cantarell/Cantarell-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/fredokaone/src/Fredoka Sampler 2.jpg.i
data/ofl/fredokaone/src/Fredoka Sampler 2.jpg.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/rserif.plate.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancoisshadow/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c__uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/VTT/BevanFLAB.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/ofl/lemonone/METADATA.json.i
data/sniglet/src/Sniglet-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/inconsolata/src/Inconsolata-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/muli/Muli-Light.latin.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni021a_.glif.i
data/ofl/gelasio/Gelasio-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-Regular.ttf.i
data/lemon/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/lustria/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/alice/src/Alice-Regular-TTF-hints.sfd.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/ofl/stalinone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/imfellenglishsc/IMFeENsc28P.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_igrave.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/inder/src/Inder-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/deliusswashcaps/src/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-Unmerged Source/Raleway-Medium.vfb.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/homenaje/Homenaje-Regular.latin.i
data/lusitana/src/Lusitana-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-HeavyItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/f_f_l.glyph.i
data/geo/Geo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/averiasansgwf/AveriaSansGWF-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/R_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/questrial/Questrial-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-kern.fea.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/meiescript/MeieScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/orbitron/METADATA.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/rupeeIndian_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/bullet.case.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-ThinItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/pecita/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/hennypenny/src/HennyPenny-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/abrilfatface/AbrilFatface-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/k_commaaccent.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_283.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/buenard/Buenard-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/rosarivo/src/Rosarivo-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0428.glif.i
data/ofl/monacal/Monacal-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0421.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/designers/daniel_j_johnson/portait.jpg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/iconic/src/move_vertical_alt2.svg.i
data/istokweb/src/IstokWeb-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/istokweb/src/IstokWeb-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/holtwoodonesc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/aladin/Aladin-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/u.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/src/Rambla-Regular-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/VesperLibre-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-Condensed.greek.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni043B_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/sigmarone/SigmarOne.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/bstroke.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/alef/src/readme.txt.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/designers/ruben_prol/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/ruslandisplay/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/Inconsesi-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Y_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/monacal/Monacal-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_167.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Lower Case/sketch29614573.png.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/shadowsintolight/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_177.i
data/pontanosans/PontanoSans-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Utilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_189.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ovo/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/sarala/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/annieuseyourtelescope/AnnieUseYourTelescope.menu.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/ElsieSwashCaps-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_032.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_c_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/one.inferior.glyph.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.smcp.glif.i
data/ezra/src/SILEOTSR.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/baumans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/kenia/src/2010-12-09_Kenia_glyphs.pdf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/aubrey/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/eight.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni2105.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Black-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/jockeyone/src/JockeyOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/EncodeSansCompressed-Black.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_cedilla.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/be-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/oranienbaum/Oranienbaum-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cousine/src/Cousine-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/macondoswashcaps/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/src/MontserratSubrayada-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/kadwa/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/sedansc/src/SedanSC-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_J.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/righteous/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif.i
data/kronaone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_circumflex.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/armata/Armata-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/rougescript/src/RougeScript-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/engagement/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/ofl/graduate/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/siamreap/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/grave.glyph.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/swankyandmoomoo/SwankyandMooMoo.ttf.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.otf.i
data/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Regular-VTT.ttf.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/freckleface/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/sourceserifpro/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ledger/Ledger-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/cherryswash/src/CherrySwash-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/charissilcompact/OFL-FAQ.txt.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2008.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/Tuffy-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/iconic/src/right_quote_alt.svg.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/greatvibes/src/GreatVibes-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ccircumflex_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Medium.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/rugeboogie/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/lobster/src/Lobster-Cyrillic.vfb.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/supermercadoone/SupermercadoOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/wcircumflex.glyph.i
data/ofl/play/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/audiowide/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/giveyouglory/src/GiveYouGlory-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/monofett/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ze-cy.glif.i
data/orbitron/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/atomicage/AtomicAge-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/share/src/Share-Bold.otf.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/MontserratAlternates-Light.otf.i
data/iconic/src/battery_charging.svg.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oldstandardtt/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0307.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/a.glyph.i
data/ofl/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/lusitana/Lusitana-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/GenBasR.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/cwtexming/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/cambo/Cambo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/thabit/Thabit-Bold.arabic.i
data/apache/cherrycreamsoda/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/two.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/piedra/OFL.txt.i
data/italiana/Italiana-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/fenix/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/nunito/src/Nunito-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/en-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020C_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/puritan/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/iconic/src/arrow_up_alt1.svg.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/dynalight/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oranienbaum/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/features.fea.i
data/averiagwf/AveriaGWF-Bold.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acaron.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/src/Quantico-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Black.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/MontserratAlternates-Bold.latin.i
data/poiretone/src/PoiretOne-Regular.otf.i
data/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic-Latin.menu.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/allerta/newsrc/Allerta-Stencil.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/titanone/TitanOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bigelowrules/src/BigelowRules-Regular.otf.i
data/aclonica/Aclonica.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_6_uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0BB.glyph.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTZ56F_W.woff.d
data/lemon/Lemon-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/lekton/src/LektonItalic004.otf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_5_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTZ56F_W.woff.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/apache/notosans/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/redactedscript/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/tagoni/Tagoni-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/mrssaintdelafield/OFL.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Semibold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/romanesco/src/Romanesco-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/gabriela/Gabriela-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/share/Share-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/sevillana/Sevillana-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/notosansmalayalam/NotoSansMalayalam.ttf.i
data/ofl/bilboswashcaps/METADATA.json.i
data/justanotherhand/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/graduate/src/Graduate-Regular.otf.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-BoldItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.subs.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/holtwood/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gudea/Gudea-Italic.menu.i
data/felltypes/IMFePIsc28P.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cantoraone/src/CantoraOne-Regular.vfbak.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/mousememoirs/MouseMemoirs-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/apostrophe.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/Cardo-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/coustard/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/changa/src/Changa-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/metamorphous/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/loversquarrel/src/LoversQuarrel-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/squadaone/src/SquadaOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/apache/notosansethiopic/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/nosifercaps/src/NosiferCaps-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/EncodeSansCompressed-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/stoke/Stoke-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/Quantico-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/lohittamil/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/lohitbengali/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/glassantiqua/GlassAntiqua-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/michroma/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/adventpro/AdventPro-Thin.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/src/Yanone Kaffeesatz.glyphs.d
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/alef/Alef-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/daysone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/src/Yanone Kaffeesatz.glyphs.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/newbasileaserif/NewBasileaSerif.ttf.i
data/ofl/carme/src/Carme-type-specimen.pdf.i
data/ofl/mrssheppards/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/MontserratSubrayada-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/elsie/Elsie-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/quantico/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraBold.devanagari.d
data/ofl/alef/src/Alef-Webfont/specimen_files/easytabs.js.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-ExtraBold.devanagari.i
data/ofl/kellyslab/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/faunaone/FaunaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/averiagruesalibre/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/r.smcp.glif.i
data/princesssofia/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/loveyalikeasister/src/LoveYaLikeASister.otf.d
data/ofl/loveyalikeasister/src/LoveYaLikeASister.otf.i
data/ofl/arapey/src/Arapey-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/mergeone/src/MergeOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/lateef/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0419.glif.i
data/enriqueta/src/Enriqueta-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Bold.devanagari.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/one.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/spicyrice-internal/md5sum.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/designers/daniel_johnson/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B7_.glif.i
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-Regular.ttf.d
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-BlackItalic.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_206.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/four.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/princesssofia/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/src/ArchivoNarrow-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/bitter/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/glegoo/Glegoo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cevicheone/CevicheOne-Regular.latin.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/apache/materialicons/MaterialIcons-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/apache/craftygirls/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.greek+latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/sixcaps/SixCaps.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif.i
data/ofl/fondamento/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_c_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/sevillana/src/Sevillana-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/u_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_1_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/ofl/ruda/Ruda-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/gcircumflex.glyph.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/average/src/Average-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/ledger/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/dancingscript/src/DancingScript-Regular-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/lora/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/allerta/Allerta-Regular.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/sigmarone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Italic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_1F_.glif.i
data/ofl/strong/src/Strong_Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/megrim/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/mrdafoe/MrDafoe-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/ScheherazadeRegOT.arabic.i
data/almendra/src/Almendra-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/jimnightshade/src/JimNightshade-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.case.glif.i
data/ruslandisplay/RuslanDisplay.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/sortsmillgoudy/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/gochihand/GochiHand-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/geostar/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_1F_.glif.i
data/apache/homemadeapple/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/tienne/src/Tienne-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/basic/Basic-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/arrowleft.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/quantico/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B1_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/nosifer/src/Nosifer-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0215.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/whitesquare.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/t_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Black.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Black.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/v.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/ofl/zeyada/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/coustard/src/Coustard-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/z.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Light.ttf.i
data/lobster/Lobster.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-Condensed.latin-ext.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_d_.glif.i
data/cabinsketch/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041D_.glif.i
data/federo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oldstandardtt/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/humorsans/HumorSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/racute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/share/Share-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsanvertical/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif.i
data/ofl/podkova/src/Podkova-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Italic.vfb.d
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/metalmania/MetalMania-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.smcp.glif.i
data/metalmania/MetalMania-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020f_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni278d_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ge-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/rokkitt/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/acme/src/Acme-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ia-cy.glif.i
data/apache/notonastaliqurdudraft/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Es-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B7_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-BoldItalic.menu.d
data/opensans/OpenSans-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/GentiumPlus-Italic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_6B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/boogaloo/src/BoogalooOne-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/notosansethiopic/NotoSansEthiopic-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/offside/src/Offside-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/apache/unkempt/Unkempt-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/apostrophe.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/hermeneusone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020E_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-kern.fea.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_ogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/rationale/src/Rationale-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numero.glif.i
data/ofl/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Bold.latin.i
data/apache/ultra/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/denkone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/bonbon/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/rugeboogie/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-LightItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/droidarabicnaskh/DroidNaskh-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/thabit/src/cour/couri.pfa.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Oacute.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/sarina/src/Sarina-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_dotaccent.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/kalam/src/Kalam-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/leaguescript/LeagueScript-Thin.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/st.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/plusminus.glyph.i
data/ofl/firamono/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ebreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/mervalescript/MervaleScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/Quantico-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_dotaccent.glif.i
data/prata/src/Prata-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0490.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/anticslab/src/AnticSlab-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-MediumItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/mousememoirs/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0237.glif.i
data/misssaintdelafield-internal/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/snowburstone/SnowburstOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/bigelowrules/METADATA.json.i
data/dawningofanewday/src/DawningofaNewDay-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/michroma/Michroma.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_bar.glif.i
data/ofl/odormeanchey/OdorMeanChey.ttf.i
data/iceberg/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/three.numr.glif.i
data/adamina/METADATA.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/kcommaaccent.glyph.i
data/ofl/marvel/src/Marvel-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/o-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/londrinaoutline/src/LondrinaOutline-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/rufina/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif.i
data/londrinaoutline/src/LondrinaOutline-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/novascript/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/fanwoodtext/FanwoodText-Italic.ttf.i
data/designers/dan_rhatigan/profile.jpg.i
data/ofl/lateef/METADATA.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s_commaaccent.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-LightItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/GentiumPlus-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/andadasc/AndadaSC-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/anticdidone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/yesteryear/src/Yesteryear-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_7.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/reeniebeanie/ReenieBeanie.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/n_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/reeniebeanie/ReenieBeanie.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/src/Lora-Regular-TTF.vfb.d
data/khmer/METADATA.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/afii61664.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/src/Lora-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/prociono/src/Prociono-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/be-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/oslash.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/gudea/src/Gudea-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/domine/Domine-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/nunito/Nunito-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/almendra/src/Almendra-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_159.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/esteban/src/Esteban-Regular.vfb.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/lilitaone/LilitaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/apache/rochester/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.smcp.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni006600EF_.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/rosarivo/src/Rosarivo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenicItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_00.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0437.glif.i
data/ofl/trykker/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/designers/santiago_orozco/BIO.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/lora/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/norican/Norican-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/carter/METADATA.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/mate/OFL.txt.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020d_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif.i
data/apache/notosansphoenician/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/meriendaone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni000D_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/commaaccent.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/kje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF001_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/creepster/src/Creepster-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/creepster/src/Creepster-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasR.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/gudea/md5sum.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/C_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cagliostro/src/Cagliostro-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/gfsdidot/src/GFSDidot.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.smcp.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_107.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_Y.plate.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-MediumItalic.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/apache/notosanscham/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/doppioone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/salsa/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/inder/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Italic.latin.ttf.nam.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/play/Play-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/l.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/fastbrushscript/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/domine/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/jaldi/Jaldi-Bold.ttf.d
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/patrickhand/src/PatrickHand-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/jaldi/Jaldi-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.smcp.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7_uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/unkempt/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/anticslab/src/AnticSlab-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/raleway/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/Oswald-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/Oswald-Bold.latin.d
data/pompiere/Pompiere-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/petrona/src/Petrona-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_249.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/taprom/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0214.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/adventpro/OFL.txt.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/ultra/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/clickerscript/ClickerScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/butterflykids/ButterflyKids-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/denkone/src/DenkOne-Regular_ttf.sfd.i
data/ofl/monda/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_02.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/src/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.otf.i
data/felltypes/IMFeENit28P.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/adventpro/AdventPro-Thin.latin.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/margarine/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/bokor/md5sum.i
data/ofl/andadasc/AndadaSC-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/apache/notoserifarmenian/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0418.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif.i
data/trykker/Trykker-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/actor/Actor-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/meriendaone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/podkova/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/butcherman/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/zero.inferior.glyph.i
data/aftaserifthin/src/AftaSerifThin-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-BoldItalic.vietnamese.i
data/spicyrice/src/SpicyRice-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGSC_classes.fea.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Thin.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/dhyana/Dhyana-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/dhyana/Dhyana-Bold.ttf.i
data/varelaround/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/florin.plate.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Italic.greek.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/apache/notosanshebrew/LICENSE.txt.i
data/crimson/src/crimson_text_roman.otf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_0.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_03.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/shin-hb.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gacute.glif.i
data/koulen/METADATA.i
data/ofl/andadasc/AndadaSC-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e.smcp.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_251.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/M_.ss01.glif.i
data/calligraffiti/Calligraffiti.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif.i
data/jollylodger/md5sum.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/G_.ss01.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/andika/sources/graphite/fontSpecific.gdh.i
data/rougescript/src/RougeScript-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/orienta/src/Orienta-Specimen.jpg.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B7_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/orienta/src/Orienta-Specimen.jpg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/apache/cousine/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/cousine/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/f_f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_b__uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/fasterone/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Light.cyrillic.i
data/italiana/md5sum.i
data/ofl/rosarivo/Rosarivo-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/podkova/src/Podkova-Regular.otf.i
data/convergence/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-MediumItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBoldItalic.vietnamese+latin.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/iconic/src/star.svg.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/apache/slackey/Slackey.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_b__uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_4.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-ExtraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/iogonek.glyph.i
data/ofl/flavors/src/Flavors-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/phetsarath/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/enquad.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/apache/notokufiarabic/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/astloch/src/Astloch-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/felltypes/IMFeDPrm28P.ttf.i
data/fondamento/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0450.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0459.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/specialelite/SpecialElite.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2009.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosislight/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bangers/Bangers.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/miama/Miama-Regular.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/arvo/Arvo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/headlandone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/patrickhand/src/PatrickHand-Regular_prettfautohint.sfd.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Regular.menu.i
data/ropasans/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/patrickhand/src/PatrickHand-Regular_prettfautohint.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/e.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/o-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/mergeone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/lobster/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_3.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/allerta/Allerta-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/apache/syncopate/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/blacksquare.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_u_l_l_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ordmasculine.glyph.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/poiretone/PoiretOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/qwigley/src/Qwigley-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/arvo/Arvo-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/bevan/Bevan.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/src/menusubset-roboto.ff.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_9.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10022.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/amaticsc/AmaticSC-Bold.ttf.i
data/apache/robotoslab/src/RobotoSlab-Light.ttf.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/francoisone/FrancoisOne.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BoldItalic.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/gruppo/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/notosansgujarati/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/stardosstencil/StardosStencil-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-SemiBold.menu.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/OpenSans-CondLightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.smcp.glif.i
data/sofia/Sofia-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/eczar/Eczar-Semibold.ttf.d
data/ofl/eczar/Eczar-Semibold.ttf.i
data/ofl/koulen/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/herrvonmuellerhoff/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif.i
data/jura/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_287.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/freehand/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041B_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/badscript/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancoisshadow/JacquesFrancoisShadow-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/GenBasI.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0414.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/giveyouglory/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/eater/src/Eater-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/elsie/Elsie-Black.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/eater/src/Eater-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/arrowboth.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/apache/yellowtail/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/apache/justanotherhand/JustAnotherHand.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/oregano/src/Oregano-Regular.vfb.i
data/oldstandard/OldStandard-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowupleft.glif.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/allerta/src/Allerta-Regular-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanB.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanB.otf.d
data/exo/src/Exo-LightItalic.sfd.i
data/andika/sources/graphite/stddef.gdh.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniFB02.glyph.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acute.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/designers/igino_marini/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/CR_.glif.i
data/ofl/allerta/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/mem-hb.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/Tuffy-Italic.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.glyphs.i
data/noticiatext/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ring.smcp.glif.i
data/designers/linus_romer/BIO.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_slash.glif.i
data/asset/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/arvo/Arvo-Bold.latin.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/bubblerone/BubblerOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/dzhe-cy.glif.i
data/sail/Sail-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/apache/notosanskharoshthi/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ubuntu/CONTRIBUTING.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE043.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ThinItalic.cyrillic.i
data/sarina/Sarina-Regular.ttf.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/sigmarone/SigmarOne.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/hermeneusone/src/HermeneusOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/Wallpoet-Regular.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/molengo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ge-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/electrolize/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/pompiere/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/fjordone/FjordOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold-unhinted.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/karla/Karla-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/margarine/Margarine-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Medium.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/apache/permanentmarker/PermanentMarker.latin.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldwpica/OFL.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/_null.glif.i
data/voces/src/Voces-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/bubblegumsans/METADATA.i
data/nunito/Nunito-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/share/src/Share-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/unicaone/src/UnicaOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/modernantiqua/ModernAntiqua-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/sevillana/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_1.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_01.glif.i
data/felltypes/IMFeFCsc28P.menu.i
data/lato/Lato-Light.ttf.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/apache/notosanscarian/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/lato/Lato-Light.ttf.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Bold.menu.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.case.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/kaushanscript/KaushanScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniFB03_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ydieresis.modern.glyph.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_8d_.glif.i
data/apache/crushed/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ezrasil/EzraSILSR-Regular.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/aring.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_5.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/geostarfill/src/GeostarFill-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/three.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/belgrano/md5sum.i
data/ofl/mate/src/Mate-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/signikanegative/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/berkshireswash/BerkshireSwash-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Light.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/chango/Chango-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/overlock/Overlock-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/gafata/Gafata-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/grave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/anton/Anton.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ereversed-cy_.glif.i
data/tools/lint/src/com/google/lint/common/LintCheck.java.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/medulaone/src/MedulaOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_214.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/nine.numr.glif.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Medium-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Medium-TTF.sfd.i
data/arizonia/src/Arizonia-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Semibold.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/gelasio/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ericaone/EricaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/astloch/METADATA.orig.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/anticdidone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/trochut/Trochut-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Lower Case/sketch29615174.png.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r_.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBasic-Regular.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumgothic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ve-cy.glif.i
data/oleoscript/src/OleoScript-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0422.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/bowlbyone/src/BowlbyOne-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0409.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/BowlbyOneSC.ttf.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/ropasans/src/RopaSans-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/amacron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE049.glyph.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/asap/Asap-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_c_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/oregano/Oregano-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/rubikone/RubikOne-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.case.glif.i
data/roboto/md5sum.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0441.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Aacute.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0405.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/apache/materialicons/VERSION.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eacute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dzhe-cy_.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/petrona/OFL.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni0000.glif.i
data/atomicage/AtomicAge-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/overlocksc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ccedilla.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/b_.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni021B.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/courgette/src/Courgette-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/sixcaps/src/SixCaps-TTF.sfd.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.vietnamese.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.vietnamese.d
data/ofl/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/bevan/METADATA.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/tenorsans/TenorSans-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lje-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_circumflex.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/asul/src/Asul-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/lato/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/corben/Corben-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ultra/METADATA.i
data/droidarabickufi/DroidKufi-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/dq.util.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/AlegreyaSans-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/AdventPro-ExtraLight.otf.i
data/droidarabickufi/OFL.txt.i
data/jokal/Jokal-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/deliusunicase/src/DeliusUnicase-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/etilde.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/igrave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ring.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/marvel/Marvel-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020a_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-Unmerged Source/Raleway-Regular.vfb.i
data/miltonian/Miltonian.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emptyset.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d_croat.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni25c_c_.glif.i
data/mrbedford-internal/MrBedfort-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ribeye/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif.i
data/flamenco/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/lustria/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni042D_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Semibold.latin.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/ewert/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/alefhebrew/src/Alef-Webfont/Alef-Bold.woff.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/Montserrat-Thin.menu.i
data/podkova/src/Podkova-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/enriqueta/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/corben/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/almendradisplay/src/AlmendraDisplay-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ezrasil/menusubset-ezrasil.ff.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/CutiveMono-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/hanaleifill/src/HanaleiFill-Regular.vfb.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Italic.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_1_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Italic.ttf.d
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/x.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/aldrich/src/Aldrich-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/coda/METADATA.json.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/asul/src/Asul-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.otf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/sniglet/src/Sniglet-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/alice/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/seaweedscript/OFL.txt.i
data/bubblegumsans/BubblegumSans-Regular.latin.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_217.i
data/ofl/philosopher/src/Philosopher-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/drsugiyama/src/DrSugiyama-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/schoolbell/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cherryswash/CherrySwash-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif.i
data/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/timmana/Timmana-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0437.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumgothiccoding/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/buenard/src/Buenard-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/rosarivo/Rosarivo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2001.glif.i
data/cagliostro/Cagliostro-Regular.menu.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/nobile_bold_italic.latin.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/andada/METADATA.i
data/ofl/almendra/src/METADATA_comments.txt.orig.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0418.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/khula/Khula-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/six.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_e_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/zacute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Regular.menu.i
data/alegreyasc/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/shadowsintolighttwo/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/baumans/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/newscycle/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/satisfy/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/caudex/Caudex-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/orienta/src/Orienta-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/rammettoone/RammettoOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/caudex/Caudex-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ledger/menusubset-ledger.ff.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/U-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_283.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/I_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_4.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/sansitaone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_56.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/anticdidone/src/AnticDidone-Regular.vfb.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/sirinstencil/SirinStencil-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2153.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/crimson/src/sources/Crimson-Semibold.sfd.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/apache/aclonica/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/sortsmillgoudy-deprecated/src/FONTLOG.i
data/ofl/elsie/OFL.txt.i
data/ewert/Ewert-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/averiagwf/AveriaGWF-Light.ttf.i
data/egysansthin/OFL.txt.i
data/fascinateinline/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/t_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/engagement/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/comingsoon/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/cabincondensed/METADATA.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/paytoneone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_e_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/margarine/src/Margarine-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/kottaone/src/KottaOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/spinnaker/METADATA.json.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.smcp.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_051.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/reeniebeanie/ReenieBeanie.menu.i
data/tools/nonhinting/setprep-fontforge.py.i
data/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/arbutusslab/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/rougescript/METADATA.json.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-Bold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/U_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/kameron/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/kavoon/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/c_t.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/apache/notosansmandaic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_237.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_1.glif.i
data/ofl/pompiere/Pompiere-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/orbitron/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/Cabin-Italic.vfb.i
data/apache/droidsansthai/src/src.txt.i
data/ofl/nobile/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/sevillana/METADATA.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_04.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/G_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0424.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Regular.ttf.d
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-Italic.vfb.i
data/cardo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/VesperLibre-Heavy.ttf.i
data/ofl/skranji/src/Skranji-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/novaslim/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/trykker/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/sancreek/src/Sancreek-Regular.otf.i
data/rationale/src/Rationale-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni000A.glif.i
data/apache/droidserifthai/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/scaron.alt2.swash.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0215.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/e_th.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0306.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Italic-Latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/cevicheone/src/CevicheOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ef-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni040F_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/L_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-Bold.ttf.i
data/amaranth/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/almendra/src/Almendra-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/gildadisplay/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/rugeboogie/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/MontserratAlternates-Thin.menu.i
data/andika/Andika-R.cyrillic-ext+latin.ttf.nam.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/Inconsolata-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/demo.html.i
data/ofl/averiagruesalibre/AveriaGruesaLibre-Regular.ttf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_291.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/forum/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.glif.i
data/caesardressing/src/CaesarDressing-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/inika/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Italic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/Montserrat-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_commaaccent.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/Montserrat-Bold-OTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_5.glif.i
data/ofl/corben/src/Corben-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/crimson/CrimsonText-Roman.ttf.d
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/crimson/CrimsonText-Roman.ttf.i
data/misssaintdelafield-internal/src/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/arvo/src/Arvo_source.txt.i
data/ofl/butcherman/Butcherman-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni021a_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/euphoriascript/EuphoriaScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/damion/src/Damion-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/allertastencil/AllertaStencil-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/mousememoirs/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bentham/Bentham-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020b_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/demo-light.html.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/trocchi/Trocchi-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/abeezee/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/iconic/src/headphones.svg.i
data/ofl/medulaone/METADATA.json.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_2.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/emptyset.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Light.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/quicksand/Quicksand-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/matesc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020b_.glif.i
data/ptsans/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowup.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/qwigley/Qwigley-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/viga/src/Viga-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/pollerone/PollerOne.menu.i
data/thabit/menusubset.ff.i
data/ofl/khmer/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/holtwoodonesc/HoltwoodOneSC.ttf.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/METADATA.json.i
data/cherrycreamsoda/src/CherryCreamSoda-VTT.ttf.i
data/apache/roboto-reverted/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-Light.ttf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_187.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.smcp.glif.i
data/goudybookletter1911/src/README.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/italiana/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/lobster/src/Lobster.otf.i
data/ofl/donegalone/DonegalOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ruslanpro/RuslanPro.menu.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-BoldSC.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.smcp.glif.i
data/hennypenny/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/grave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0201.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/lusitana/Lusitana-Regular.latin.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/xoxo/src/Xoxo-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/xoxo/src/Xoxo-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/c_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/cabin/src/Cabin-Semibold.vfb.i
data/numans/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_161.i
data/bevan/src/VTT/Bevan_VTT2.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasR.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/poly/Poly-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/i_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/oleoscript/OleoScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Odieresis.glyph.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/apache/rancho/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-ExtraBold.latin.i
data/ubuntumono/src/VTT/UbuntuMono-BI-hinting.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_3.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.glif.i
data/ofl/tulpenone/src/Tulpen-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.smcp.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasB.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowupleft.glif.i
data/contrail/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/nunito/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/apache/notosanskufiarabic/NotoSansKufiArabic-Regular.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/alegreya/Alegreya-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_slash.glif.i
data/fascinateinline/src/FascinateInline-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/cuprum/Cuprum-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/supermercadoone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-LightItalic-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/gacute.glif.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/src/PathwayGothicOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/italianno/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.smcp.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/andika/sources/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/quicksand/src/Quicksand-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/play/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/lato/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_k.liga.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/tauri/Tauri-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/commaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-ThinItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/inika/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ushort-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/chauphilomeneone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/wacute.ss01.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_.glif.i
data/pacifico/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/overlock/src/Overlock-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/tools/menusubset/menu.vietnamese.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/novasquare/src/NovaSquare.png.i
data/ofl/muli/Muli-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/thegirlnextdoor/src/TheGirlNextDoor.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/originalsurfer/OriginalSurfer-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/OFL.txt.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/OFL.txt.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Regular-Latin.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_03.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/codystar/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/three.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/five.tab.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/aubrey/md5sum.i
data/rosario/Rosario-Regular.ttf.i
data/dosis/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/belleza/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/diplomatasc/DiplomataSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/carterone/CarterOne.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/caudex/Caudex-Bold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/lohitbengali/src/66-lohit-bengali.conf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043F_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/jockeyone/JockeyOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Bold.latin.i
data/apache/notosanslydian/NotoSansLydian-Regular.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_acute.glif.i
data/luckiestguy/METADATA.i
data/ofl/mclaren/McLaren-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/apache/calligraffitti/Calligraffitti-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/averiaserifgwf/METADATA.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/apache/notonastaliqurdudraft/NotoNastaliqUrduDraft.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_cedilla.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/share/Share-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/chelseamarket/ChelseaMarket-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/forum/src/Forum-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/titanone/TitanOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/euro.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch29617505.png.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0201.glif.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/sortsmillgoudy/SortsMillGoudy-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/ramabhadra/Ramabhadra-Regular.telugu.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/ramabhadra/Ramabhadra-Regular.telugu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/allerta/src/Allerta-pdf.pdf.d
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Italic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Yeru-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-Medium.ttf.i
data/waitingforthesunrise/src/Kimberly_Geswein.jpg.i
data/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Bold.latin.i
data/tools/lint/lib/icu4j-charset-4_8_1_1.jar.d
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Italic.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/e_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Regular.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni021b_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/medievalsharp/md5sum.i
data/ofl/kellyslab/KellySlab-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_8.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Semibold.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni020F.glif.i
data/iconic/src/loop_alt3.svg.i
data/ofl/stalinone/StalinOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/T_cedilla.ss01.glif.i
data/apache/mountainsofchristmas/src/MountainsofChristmas-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni2153.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0457.glif.i
data/simonetta/Simonetta-BlackItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/gentium/Gentium-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/five.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ka-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oleoscriptswashcaps/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/k_commaaccent.glif.i
data/inder/Inder-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yeru-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/D_elta.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBookBasic-Regular.ttf.i
data/kellyslab/src/KellySlab-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/trochut/Trochut-Italic.latin.i
data/germaniaone/GermaniaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/kellyslab/src/KellySlab-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/allan/METADATA.json.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/features.fea.i
data/stintultracondensed/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/src/AlmendraSC-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/Inconsesi-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/siemreap/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B1_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-ExtraBold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/unifrakturmaguntia/UnifrakturMaguntia-Book.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/arapey/src/Arapey-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ibreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/kronaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/fondamento/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/BenchNine-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/tagoni/Tagoni-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/asap/Asap-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_5.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/radley/src/Radley-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zero.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/D_caron.glif.i
data/iconic/src/equalizer.svg.i
data/ofl/alike/src/Alike-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni040F_.glif.i
data/ofl/play/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/princesssofia/src/PrincessSofia-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sharetechmono/src/expertset/ShareTechMonoExp-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/princesssofia/src/PrincessSofia-Regular-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/brunoacesc/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/badscript/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/iceland/Iceland-Regular.latin.i
data/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-Italic.otf.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_4.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/adventpro/AdventPro-Light.ttf.i
data/andikabasiccompact/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0237.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-MediumItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Acircumflex.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iishort-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/seveneighths.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/two.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni041B_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/five.sups.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBookBasic-BoldItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/fjordone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/igrave.glyph.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.smcp.glif.i
data/designers/barry_schwartz/BarrySchwartz-color.jpg.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/bayon/METADATA.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/Monda-Regular.menu.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Light.ttf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/MontserratSubrayada-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/monofett/src/Monofett.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/herrvonmuellerhoff/HerrVonMuellerhoff-Regular.latin.i
data/aldrich/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/sueellenfrancisco/SueEllenFrancisco.latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/percentslash.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/fondamento/Fondamento-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Light.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/permanentmarker/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/abel/src/Abel-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni041D_.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/Overlock-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/montserrat/METADATA.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/es-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/tangerine/Tangerine_Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/jollylodger/OFL.txt.i
data/buenard/md5sum.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/zero.uppercase.glyph.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.vietnamese.i
data/pressstart2p/PressStart2P-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_281.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni00B2.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/montserrat/md5sum.i
data/ofl/yesevaone/YesevaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/changaone/src/ChangaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01F8_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/mate/src/Mate-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/asap/Asap-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04C0_.glif.i
data/ovo/src/Ovo-Regular-TFF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/fondamento/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0443.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/stintultraexpanded/src/StintUltraExpanded-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/trochut/Trochut-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_105.i
data/ofl/contrailone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/sarina/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/condiment/Condiment-Regular.menu.i
data/vt321/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021a_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/vibur/Vibur-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/stardosstencil/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/alexbrush/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/ofl/average/src/Average-Regular-backup-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/hammersmithone/HammersmithOne.menu.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/Quicksand-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/src/Quattrocento-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/overlock/Overlock-BlackItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/trochut/Trochut-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.case.glif.i
data/ofl/combo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/src/ArchivoNarrow-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ezra/src/mappings/Test_r2l_2004.txt.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/amaticsc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/notosansgeorgian/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/designers/tart_workshop/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/butterflykids/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ptserif/src/PTF55F_W.woff.i
data/diplomata/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/lslash_lslash.glyph.i
data/nanumgothic/md5sum.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/caudex/Caudex-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/nokora/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/droid/DroidSansMono-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancois/JacquesFrancois-Regular.latin.i
data/arvo/src/Arvo_source.txt.i
data/ofl/andadasc/src/AndadaSC-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/kenia/src/Kenia-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/racingsansone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/merriweather/Merriweather-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/andika/METADATA.i
data/ofl/imfellfrenchcanon/IMFeFCit28P.latin.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Bold-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntucondensed/UbuntuCondensed-Regular.greek.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/rancho/Rancho-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uring_.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ibreve.glyph.i
data/newscycle/src/OFLB-sample-image.svg.i
data/ofl/eatercaps/EaterCaps-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ruda/Ruda-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/e_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/princesssofia/PrincessSofia-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/candal/md5sum.i
data/philosopher/src/Philosopher-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ruslandisplay/menusubset.ff.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/flavors/Flavors-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/H_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/De-cy_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/seaweedscript/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Mdotaccent.glyph.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/forum/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-Bold.latin.i
data/deliusunicase/md5sum.i
data/lato/Lato-Regular.ttf.d
data/lato/Lato-Regular.ttf.i
data/fontdinerswanky/LICENSE.txt.i
data/philosophertwo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/euro.glif.i
data/ofl/changa/src/Changa-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-MediumItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/odormeanchey/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/t_.glif.i
data/diplomatasc/src/DiplomataSC-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Te-cy_.glif.i
data/belleza/src/Belleza-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrew-CondLightItalic.glyphs.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/src/OpenSansHebrew-BoldItalic.glyphs.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Italic-TTF.vfb.d
data/ruluko/md5sum.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/autourone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ffi.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/spicyrice/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Italic.latin-ext.log.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Bold.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Light-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/carterone/src/Carter-Regular.sfd.i
data/carterone/src/Carter-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/miama/menusubset-miama.ff.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/AlegreyaSans-BlackItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/myanmarsanspro/src/Volt_OpenType_project.vtp.i
data/andikabasic/OFL.txt.i
data/apache/materialicons/METADATA.json.i
data/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-I-hinting.ttf.d
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_macron.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ledger/md5sum.i
data/ofl/sofadione/orig/SofadiOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-I-hinting.ttf.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/pollerone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/ofl/amarante/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/mappings/Test_EzratoUni.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.glif.i
data/autourone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/almendrasc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/rokkitt/Rokkitt-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/droidserifthai/menusubset-thai.ff.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/aldrich/src/Aldrich-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/four.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/vastshadow/src/VastShadow-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/unifrakturmaguntia/src/j_mach_wust.jpg.i
data/ofl/vastshadow/src/VastShadow-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/yacute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-Black.latin-ext.i
data/strong/md5sum.i
data/terminaldosis/src/TerminalDosis-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/condiment/Condiment-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/dancingscript/src/DancingScript-Bold.vfb.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/rosarivo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/antonio/Antonio-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ibreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/quando/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Lower Case/sketch29614552.png.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/J_circumflex.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/poly/src/Poly-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_0b_.glif.i
data/apache/montez/src/Montez-Regular.pdf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/poly/Poly-Italic.menu.i
data/apache/montez/src/Montez-Regular.pdf.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/simonetta/Simonetta-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/andada/src/Andada-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/belgrano/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/vollkorn/Vollkorn-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_212.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/economica/Economica-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/averiagruesalibre/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Semibold.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/basic/src/Basic-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w_.glif.i
data/jsmath/jsMath-cmr10.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.case.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/designers/anton_koovit/portrait.jpg.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/hammersmithone/src/HammersmithOne-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/ruslandisplay/src/RuslanDisplay.otf.i
data/ovo/src/Ovo-Regular.otf.i
data/belleza/METADATA.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/passionone/PassionOne-Black.latin-ext.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_acute.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-CondBold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/hanalei/Hanalei-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/fondamento/Fondamento-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/averialibre/AveriaLibre-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/indieflower/src/IndieFlower-75.sfd.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_105.i
data/oldenburg/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ruthie/src/Ruthie-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/nixieone/src/NixieOne-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Regular.greek-ext+latin.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni2113.glif.i
data/allerta/src/allerta_stencil.vfb.i
data/ofl/galindo/src/Galindo-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/play/src/Play-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/nomina/src/Nomina-Italic.vfb.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/gentium/GENTIUM-FAQ.txt.i
data/sirinstencil/SirinStencil-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Black-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/almendra/Almendra-Bold.latin.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Light.cyrillic+latin.d
data/roboto/Roboto-Light.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.sfd.i
data/sortsmillgoudy-old/OFLGoudyStMTT-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/codacaption/Coda-Caption-Heavy.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif.i
data/apache/fontdinerswanky/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/eight.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/firamono/FiraMono-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsansstdlight/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-SemiboldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-SemiboldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-SemiBoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/cambo/src/Cambo-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/foursuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/didactgothic/src/DidactGothic-TTF.sfd.d
data/didactgothic/src/DidactGothic-TTF.sfd.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni00B5.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_circumflex.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni042E_.glif.i
data/ofl/trocchi/METADATA.json.i
data/philosopher/src/Philosopher-Regular-TTF.vfb.d
data/philosopher/src/Philosopher-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/gafata/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/l_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/newscycle/NewsCycle-Bold.latin.i
data/ropasans/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/magra/src/Magra-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_f_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/METADATA.json.new.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Black.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/pecita/Pecita.latin.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-OTF/Raleway-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/four.inferior.glyph.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_ogonek.glif.i
data/engagement/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/C_acute.glif.i
data/berkshireswash/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/marvel/Marvel-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/misssaintdelafield/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.ttf.i
data/metal/Metal.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-Unmerged Source/Raleway-Thin.vfb.i
data/ofl/basic/src/Basic-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/Rambla-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/marcellussc/METADATA.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/irishgrover/IrishGrover.menu.i
data/ofl/khmer/Khmer.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Lcaron.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/indieflower/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/medievalsharp/src/MedievalSharp.png.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-LightItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Light.cyrillic-ext.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/dosis/src/Dosis-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/wellfleet/src/Wellfleet-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/supermercadoone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_dieresis.glif.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/yesteryear/Yesteryear-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10145.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_257.i
data/ofl/coveredbyyourgrace/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/agrave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/breeserif/BreeSerif-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/volkhov/src/Volkhov-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ring.case.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/arrowupdn.glyph.i
data/ofl/codystar/Codystar-Regular.latin.i
data/rokkitt/Rokkitt.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/metal/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0411.glif.i
data/cuprum/Cuprum-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oranienbaum/Oranienbaum-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/exo/src/Exo-DemiBoldItalic.otf.i
data/parisienne/src/Parisienne-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/allan/Allan-Bold.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/changaone/src/ChangaOne-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Black.ttf.d
data/ofl/amaticsc/AmaticSC-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/passionone/src/PassionOne-Bold-SFD.sfd.i
data/ofl/nanumgothiccoding/VERSION.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/allan/src/Allan-Bold.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/brevecomb.glyph.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/arvo/src/sources.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/dawningofanewday/src/DawningofaNewDay-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/sintony/Sintony-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/quicksand/Quicksand-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/gabriela/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/sniglet/METADATA.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni0219.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/smythe/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_B.plate.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/bitter/src/Bitter-Bold.vfb.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/sniglet/src/Sniglet_Regular.vfb.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O-cy_.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ptsans/src/PT_Sans-Narrow.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_.glif.i
data/arapey/src/Arapey-Regular.vfb.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/brawler/src/Brawler-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/gurajada/Gurajada-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/rougescript/src/RougeScript-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/lohitdevanagari/EXTENSION.i
data/ofl/gurajada/Gurajada-Regular.ttf.d
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/egyslabthin/src/EGYSlabThin-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/emptyset.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/underdog/Underdog-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/emilyscandy/EmilysCandy-Regular.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/brokenbar.plate.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/e_th.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/zero.uppertab.glyph.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/C_R_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/arbutus/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/src/GFSNeohellenicItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.latin.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/monofett/OFL.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/yesteryear/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinasketch/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/capriola/Capriola-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/buenard/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/imacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/gheupturn-cy.glif.i
data/apache/notosanstelugu/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10080.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.lf.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/marckscript/METADATA.i
data/ofl/asap/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/amethysta/Amethysta-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold-unhinted.ttf.i
data/ofl/playball/Playball-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ptsans/src/umpeleva.txt.i
data/ofl/signika/src/Signika-Semibold-TTF.vfb.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_235.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/habibi/src/Habibi-Regular.vfb.i
data/junge/src/Junge-Regular.vfb.i
data/iconic/src/key_fill.svg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/src/Quantico-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/lobster/Lobster-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/novamono/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/fresca/Fresca-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/racingsansone/RacingSansOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_289.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-Condensed.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/vollkorn/Vollkorn-Bold.menu.i
data/balthazar/METADATA.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/chauphilomeneone/src/ChauPhilomeneOne-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Thin.latin-ext.i
data/ptsans/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/michroma/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2000.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/metal/Metal.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_295.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ze-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/ruthie/Ruthie-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/stoke/src/Stoke-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/limelight/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.greek.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/src/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.glyphs.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.greek.d
data/ufl/ubuntu/README.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/src/YanoneKaffeesatz-ExtraLight.otf.i
data/neucha/src/Neucha-hints.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldoublepica/IMFeDPrm28P.ttf.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Regular.greek.i
data/overlocksc/OverlockSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/notosansoldturkic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/sevillana/Sevillana-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9c_.glif.i
data/ofl/aguafinascript/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/kreon/Kreon-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/alfaslabone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.glif.i
data/ofl/unicaone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/src/UbuntuMono-BI-designsource.vfb.i
data/.hgignore.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/swankyandmoomoo/src/SwankyandMooMoo-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/TTFBconfig.xml.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/donegalone/src/DonegalOne-Regular_otf.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-Black.vfb.i
data/engagement/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cousine/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/molengo/Molengo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/aldrich/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/nobile/Nobile-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ecircumflex.glyph.i
data/ofl/alef/src/Alef-Webfont/Alef-regular.html.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/nanummyeongjo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/monacal/src/Monacal-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monacal/src/Monacal-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/egrave.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/justanotherhand/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/sourceserifpro/SourceSerifPro-Semibold.ttf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_4.glif.i
data/ofl/thabit/src/ChangeLog.i
data/ofl/strait/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/andadasc/src/AndadaSC-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Bold.ttf.d
data/prociono/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Thin.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/calligraffitti/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_circumflex.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.ss01.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.vietnamese.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/lora/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/designers/toshi_omagari/BIO.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/OpenSansHebrewCondensed-ExtraBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/sourceserifpro/SourceSerifPro-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/anonymouspro/md5sum.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/hammersmithone/src/HammersmithOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ptsans/src/yefimov.jpg.i
data/diplomatasc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/tuffy/Tuffy-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_121.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/dorsa/src/Dorsa-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/syncopate/src/Syncopate-Regular-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_breve.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/andadasc/src/AndadaSC-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_03.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0210.glif.i
data/varela/Varela-Regular.ttf.d
data/varela/Varela-Regular.ttf.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Thin.latin.i
data/ofl/cuprum/Cuprum-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/kadwa/OFL.txt.i
data/ptmono/PTM55FT.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/overlock/Overlock-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/src/MontserratSubrayada-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/src/MontserratSubrayada-Regular.vfb.d
data/michroma/METADATA.i
data/ofl/nobile/nobile_medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/apache/droidsanstamil/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/drsugiyama/src/DrSujiyama-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/e_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniFB00.glyph.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/w_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/novaround/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Regular.devanagari.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/sarabun/Sarabun-Italic.latin.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Regular.devanagari.d
data/ofl/dosis/src/Dosis-ExtraLight.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_182.i
data/ofl/mate/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/fruktur/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/moul/Moul.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/chivo/src/Chivo-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/varelaround/src/VarelaRound-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Italic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/creteround/CreteRound-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/play/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/arrowleft.glif.i
data/badscript/BadScript-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/anticdidone/AnticDidone-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/tools/ttf2sfd/ttf2sfd.ff.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfd.d
data/gudea/Gudea-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfd.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/scada/Scada-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/features.fea.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ubreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_dot.glif.i
data/nomina/src/Nomina-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/cedillacomb.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_acute.glif.i
data/gorditas/Gorditas-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/radley/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/wendyone/WendyOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Thin.menu.i
data/marckscript/MarckScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/vastshadow/src/VastShadow-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_cedilla.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01CC_.glif.i
data/ofl/chauphilomeneone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/alefhebrew/src/readme.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/foursuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_6.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/alfaslabone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Regular.latin-ext.ttf.nam.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Regular.vfb.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif.i
data/ofl/rosarivo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/OTF/Raleway-ExtraBold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ezrasil/src/sources/VOLT/LICENSE.txt.i
data/tools/merge/merge.ff.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gje-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B6_.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.vfb.i
data/tools/bbox/vmetcorrect.py.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/rupeeIndian_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/nanummyeongjo/METADATA.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_084.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/righteous/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/fascinateinline/src/FascinateInline-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/eaglelake/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Black-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/W_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Black-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_1.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/u-cy.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/src/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/chauphilomeneone/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/cutive/.git/hooks/prepare-commit-msg.sample.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0A3.glyph.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-SemiboldItalic.menu.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/irishgrowler/APACHE2.txt.i
data/andika/sources/graphite/main.gdh.i
data/pinyonscript/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/quando/Quando-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-LightItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/medulaone/MedulaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanCL.otf.d
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanCL.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscompressed/EncodeSansCompressed-Bold.menu.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_slash.glif.i
data/tools/lint/lib/guava-11.0.2.jar.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/tools/lint/lib/guava-11.0.2.jar.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E61_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/bullet.plate.i
data/judson/src/Judson-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE061.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/geostar/md5sum.i
data/ofl/numans/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/portersansblock/PorterSansBlock-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.smcp.glif.i
data/passionone/src/PassionOne-Black-SFD.sfd.i
data/aguafinascript/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_d__uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/metal/Metal.khmer.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSansMono-Regular.greek-ext+latin.log.i
data/ofl/juliussansone/src/JuliusSansOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/orbitron/Orbitron-Regular.ttf.i
data/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/notosanslao/LICENSE.txt.i
data/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/andika/Andika-R.latin.log.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/moulpali/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/i_j_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_215.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ocaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/mate/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/yesteryear/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/sanchez/Sanchez-Italic.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/overlocksc/OverlockSC-Regular.menu.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/ralewaydots/METADATA.json.i
data/battambang/Battambang-Regular.ttf.i
data/arimo/src/Arimo-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/sedansc/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/averagesans/src/AverageSans-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/faunaone/FaunaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/arimo/src/Arimo-Regular.ttf.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/allura/METADATA.json.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.smcp.glif.i
data/plaster/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni006600660068.liga.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/adieresis.glyph.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/tulpenone/src/TulpenOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oleoscriptswashcaps/src/OleoScriptSwashCaps-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_87.glif.i
data/fascinate/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/abeezee/src/ABeeZee-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0406.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/junge/src/Junge-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/el-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/gfsdidot/GFSDidot-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Bold.menu.i
data/nobile/src/Nobile-MediumItalic.sfd.d
data/nobile/src/Nobile-MediumItalic.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/src/CacheTT/ubuntu-tables.cfg.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-LightItalic.latin-ext.d
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_9.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/src/menusubset-tinos.ff.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_285.i
data/ofl/smythe/Smythe-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/alef/src/Alef-Webfont/specimen_files/openfont-regular-cleartype.png.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldoublepicasc/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/caesardressing/CaesarDressing-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsanvertical/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-LightItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/uni0000.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Black-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/alef/src/Alef-Webfont/Alef-Regular.eot.i
data/codystar/Codystar-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/titanone/src/TitanOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/khmer/Khmer.khmer.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_291.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/lohittamil/Lohit-Tamil.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/marvel/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/tangerine/Tangerine_Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/hermeneusone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/podkova/Podkova-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/src/Caudex-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10073.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/share/src/Share-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/tools/lint/src/com/google/lint/check/CheckCanonicalStyles.java.i
data/ofl/siemreap/Siemreap.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Obreve_.glif.i
data/lekton/src/Lekton-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/brunoacesc/BrunoAceSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/lekton/src/Lekton-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/Montserrat-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/rozhaone/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/seven.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.smcp.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/gildadisplay/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-CondLightItalic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0CF.glyph.i
data/tools/encodings/telugu_unique-glyphs.nam.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Egrave.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/I_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/apache/notosansavestan/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/volkhov/src/Volkhov-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_macron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexfangsong/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/macondoswashcaps/METADATA.i
data/vt323/VT323.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/ruluko/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/gorditas/src/Gorditas-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_5.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/iconic/src/loop.svg.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/hennypenny/HennyPenny-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/averagesans/OFL.txt.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2010.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/vav-hb.glif.i
data/droidarabickufi/METADATA.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-ExtraBold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Regular.menu.i
data/iconic/src/volume.svg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/junge/Junge-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/antic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/electrolize/OFL.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0CB.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_239.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0414.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_182.i
data/puritan/Puritan-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/contrail/src/Contrail-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_051.i
data/ofl/ribeye/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-ExtraBoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-ExtraBoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/imfellenglish/IMFeENrm28P.latin.i
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/missfajardose/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_8.glif.i
data/codystar/src/Codystar-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/limelight/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Bold.vfb.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/font-source/padauk_unicode_patched.xml.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/test-suite/sanskrit.txt.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/londrinashadow/src/LondrinaShadow-Regular.otf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/thabit/EARLY_ACCESS.css.i
data/README.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/D_croat.glif.i
data/ofl/homenaje/Homenaje-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/Inconsesi-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/pinyonscript/PinyonScript-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/changaone/ChangaOne-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/designers/joe_prince/BIO.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/francoisone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/arapey/Arapey-Regular.latin.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/a.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/kronaone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_122.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/prata/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/o_e_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/geostar/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/amiri/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/RalphHancock.png.i
data/cagliostro/md5sum.i
data/ofl/lohittamil/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/src/TerminalDosis-ExtraBold.otf.i
data/allura/src/Allura-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Semibold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/playfairdisplaysc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/reeniebeanie/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/mergeone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/sharetechmono/src/ShareTechMono-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/u_grave.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00660066006A_.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0451.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/dje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/happymonkey/HappyMonkey-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/sharetechmono/ShareTechMono-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Italic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/kenia/src/2010-12-09_Kenia_glyphs.pdf.d
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/src/MontserratSubrayada-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/kenia/src/2010-12-09_Kenia_glyphs.pdf.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/shcha-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/aftasansthin/src/AftaSansThin-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/iceland/md5sum.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_acute.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/sniglet/src/Sniglet-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/martel/src/Martel-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/carme/METADATA.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/j_.glif.i
data/ofl/quicksand/Quicksand-Bold.menu.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/o.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/ramaraja/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/ramaraja/Ramaraja-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/averialibre/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/astloch/src/Astloch-Bold.vfb.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/OpenSans-CondLightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/courgette/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/cevicheone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/lemon/src/Lemon-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/kcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tilde.case.glif.i
data/ofl/simonetta/src/Simonetta-Italic.otf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_breve.glif.i
data/opensans/md5sum.i
data/corben/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.dnom.glif.i
data/allura/md5sum.i
data/ofl/patuaone/PatuaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.korean.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cedilla.plate.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/rokkitt/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/buda/OFL.txt.i
data/eater/METADATA.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_circumflex.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmsy10/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Regular.vietnamese.i
data/andikabasic/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/slabo27px/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/sharetech/METADATA.json.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_185.i
data/averiasansgwf/AveriaSansGWF-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/OpenSans-CondBold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/monoton/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/cabincondensed/src/CabinCondensed-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.latin.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/gentium/GentiumAlt-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/miltonian/MiltonianTattoo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/volkhov/src/Volkhov-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/gentium/GentiumAlt-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-ExtraBoldItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/sarina/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/prata/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/thegirlnextdoor/TheGirlNextDoor.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/portlligatslab/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/chelseamarket/ChelseaMarket-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/modernantiqua/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/quantico/Quantico-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/poly/Poly-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/frederickathegreat/OFL.txt.i
data/piedra/Piedra-Regular.ttf.i
data/cousine/Cousine-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/tinos/Tinos-Italic.greek.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/stalinone/StalinOne-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/inconsolata/Inconsolata-Regular.Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gheupturn-cy_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/thegirlnextdoor/TheGirlNextDoor2.ttf.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/a_ogonek.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni2215.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/longs_l.glyph.i
data/apache/crushed/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-ExtraLightItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ebreve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/eacute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-ExtraLightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/seven.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni020c_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/arvo/Arvo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/arvo/Arvo-Regular.ttf.d
data/berkshireswash/src/BerkshireSwash-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cherryswash/CherrySwash-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/six.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldoublepica/IMFeDPrm28P.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B0_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-MediumItalic.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_3.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_ligatures.fea.i
data/designers/eben_sorkin/BIO.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10019.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/vibur/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/_notdef.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2009.glif.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-SemiBold.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/apache/droidserif/DroidSerif-Italic.ttf.i
data/quando/Quando-Regular.ttf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_170.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/kcedilla.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/one.osf.glif.i
data/ofl/kiteone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.case.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/K_commaaccent.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/unlock/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/vastshadow/METADATA.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uniFB02.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_179.i
data/ofl/belleza/Belleza-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_9.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-SemiboldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/Ubuntu-MI-designsource.vfb.d
data/cantataone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/lobster/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d_caron.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/Ubuntu-MI-designsource.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/S_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0A4.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/iconic/src/arrow_down_alt2.svg.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0418.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/encodesanscondensed/EncodeSansCondensed-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/elsie/src/Elsie-Regular-OTF.vfbak.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/src/mobile/SeoulHangang.ttf.d
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-BoldItalicSC.vfb.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/src/mobile/SeoulHangang.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/sarina/src/Sarina-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_e_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/sarina/src/Sarina-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/wellfleet/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/rambla/Rambla-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/kaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/asul/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/andada/src/Andada-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/doppioone/DoppioOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/cabin/Cabin-Bold.ttf.d
data/nanumgothic/NanumGothicBold.ttf.d
data/cabin/Cabin-Bold.ttf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2003.glif.i
data/ropasans/RopaSans-Regular.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/sueellenfrancisco/src/Kimberly_Geswein.jpg.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/gabriela/src/Gabriela-Regular-specimen.jpg.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/gabriela/src/Gabriela-Regular-specimen.jpg.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/one.tab.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/src/LondrinaShadow-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2001.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ereversed-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/neuton/md5sum.i
data/ofl/simonetta/Simonetta-Regular.menu.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-BoldItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ezra/src/WordDocs/Ezra SIL Keyboard Chart.doc.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/Shojumaru-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/UnifrakturMaguntia-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/cousine/src/Cousine-Regular.ttf.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/rosario/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/apostrophe.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/TRADEMARKS.txt.i
data/dosis/src/Dosis-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE083.glyph.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/ruda/Ruda-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/vollkorn/METADATA.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/sonsieone/src/SonsieOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.d
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_uro.glif.i
data/nixieone/md5sum.i
data/podkova/Podkova-Regular.latin.i
data/sonsieone/src/SonsieOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/fastbrushscript/FastBrushScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/strong/src/Strong_Regular.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/novasquare/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/galdeano/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cuprum/src/Cuprum-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/imfellgreatprimer/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/pacute.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/Inconsesi-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/Oswald-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/Oswald-Bold.ttf.i
data/fanwoodtext/FanwoodText-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/nanumgothic/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf.d
data/nanumgothic/NanumGothic-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rupeeIndian_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansbrahmi/NotoSansBrahmi-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Symbols/sketch29622373.png.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/stalinone/src/StalinOne-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/careof.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/buenard/src/Buenard-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/strong/Strong-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/telex/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/src/SeoulHangangM.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/src/SeoulHangangM.otf.d
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/t_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif.i
data/ofl/kenia/src/features.kern.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/simonetta/src/Simonetta-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/t_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/bitter/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/dosis/Dosis-ExtraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/u.glyph.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/matesc/MateSC-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/diplomatasc/DiplomataSC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-cyrillic-ext+cyrillic.txt.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Thin.menu.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/rubikmonoone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/designers/peter_hull/portrait.png.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_A_.glif.i
data/ofl/justmeagaindownhere/src/JustMeAgainDownHere.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020d_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/t_y.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/eogonek.plate.i
data/ofl/overtherainbow/OvertheRainbow.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/dosislight/DosisLight-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/fascinate/src/Fascinate-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/l_commaaccent.glif.i
data/armata/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/test-suite/mnw_Words.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/apache/droidsansjapanese/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/junge/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/rosario/src/Rosario-Italic.otf.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/lustria/Lustria-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/signika/src/Signika-Light.otf.i
data/novascript/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/sonsieone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/LibreBaskerville-Italic.latin.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/megrim/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/volkhov/Volkhov-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/bilbo/Bilbo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/AlmendraSC-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/ramaraja/Ramaraja-Regular.telugu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-BoldItalic.latin.log.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-Unmerged Source/Raleway-Bold-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/ramaraja/Ramaraja-Regular.telugu.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni1E9E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/EzraSILSR-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/damion/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/dynalight/Dynalight-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/grandhotel/GrandHotel-Regular.latin.i
data/prostoone/src/ProstoOne-Regular-Sketches.ai.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/grave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.glif.i
data/prostoone/src/ProstoOne-Regular-Sketches.ai.i
data/ofl/scada/Scada-Bold.ttf.i
data/pinyonscript/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/eater/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/kreon/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/pecita/src/Pecita.otf.d
data/ofl/michroma/src/Michroma.sfd.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/trochut/src/Trochut-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/notosansugaritic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/pecita/src/Pecita.otf.i
data/nobile/src/Nobile.sfd.i
data/nobile/src/Nobile.sfd.d
data/ofl/ebgaramond/src/featurefiles/EBGaramond_case.fea.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Yi-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_circumflex.glif.i
data/apache/cousine/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Light.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0401.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/apache/notosanskharoshthi/LICENSE.txt.i
data/gentiumbasic/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nine.sups.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/butcherman/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/wellfleet/src/Wellfleet-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Bold-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/MerriweatherSans-Bold-OTF.sfd.d
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-BoldCondensedItalic.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/scircumflex.glyph.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_293.i
data/parisienne/Parisienne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/belgrano/src/Belgrano-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/dosis/src/Dosis-Medium.otf.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/almendra/Almendra-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/flamenco/src/Flamenco-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_6.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/codystar/src/Codystar-Light-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/stardosstencil/StardosStencil-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/bowlbyone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/pontanosans/.git/FETCH_HEAD.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/ranga/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.subs.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/G_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/lobster/src/Lobster-Cyrillic.otf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/bentham/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u_grave.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/cambay/Cambay-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Extralight.latin.log.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_y.glif.i
data/ofl/bitter/src/Bitter-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0210.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-BoldItalic.greek.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Medium.cyrillic.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_b__uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/parenleft.glyph.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/fascinate/Fascinate-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/overlock/Overlock-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ze-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/src/graphite/fontSpecific.gdh.i
data/goblinone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/OpenSans-CondLightItalic.ttf.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0437.glif.i
data/ofl/mallanna/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ae.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni2105.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/lohitbengali/src/AUTHORS.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_01.glif.i
data/terminaldosislight/src/TerminalDosis-Light-TTF.vfb.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playball/Playball-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Bold.vietnamese+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/economica/src/Economica-BoldItalic-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/niconne/src/Niconne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/italianno/md5sum.i
data/siemreap/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/l_dotcomb.glyph.i
data/apache/mountainsofchristmas/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0456.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/lohitdevanagari/EARLY_ACCESS.css.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/b_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/alegreya/Alegreya-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/src/VTT/UbuntuMono-B-hinting.ttf.i
data/novascript/OFL.txt.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/src/VTT/UbuntuMono-B-hinting.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.greek-ext.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/abreve.smcp.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ze-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/buenard/src/Buenard-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_94.glif.i
data/apache/creepstercaps/CreepsterCaps-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9c_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Semibold.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/six.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/qwigley/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/l.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0214.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/VERSION.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/aguafinascript/src/Aguafina-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/Cabin-MediumItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0420.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-kern-2.fea.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/MerriweatherSans-LightItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/R_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/comma.glyph.i
data/iconic/src/moon_fill.svg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/ofl/dellarespira/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/courgette/Courgette-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/two.numr.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ia-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/suranna/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansnko/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Thin.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BlackItalic.vietnamese.i
data/apache/droidserif/DroidSerif-Italic.latin.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/b_.glif.i
data/quicksand/src/Quicksand-Light.otf.i
data/apache/notosanstaitham/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/jockeyone/JockeyOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.dnom.glif.i
data/dynalight/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/twosuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/passeroone/PasseroOne-Regular.menu.i
data/lobster/src/Font Lab Source/Lobster 1.2 merged and optimized.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.ss01.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/arrowdown.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/reeniebeanie/src/ReenieBeanie-VTT.ttf.i
data/ribeyemarrow/src/RibeyeMarrow-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_acute.glif.i
data/istok/IstokWeb-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/macron.case.glif.i
data/telex/src/Telex-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/notosanshebrew/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/src/Inconsesi-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/simonetta/Simonetta-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/belleza/src/Belleza-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/fredokaone/src/FredokaOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/test-suite/kyu_syllables.txt.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0448.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/o.plate.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/ofl/pecita/Pecita.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10046.glif.i
data/ofl/pecita/Pecita.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/apache/cherrycreamsoda/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/UFO/UFO-Sources-and-Interpolation-Settings.zip.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/UFO/UFO-Sources-and-Interpolation-Settings.zip.d
data/misssaintdelafield-internal/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/galindo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/stoke/Stoke-Regular.menu.i
data/coustard/Coustard-Regular.ttf.i
data/rocksalt/RockSalt.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-Black.menu.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.ttf.d
data/ofl/asul/Asul-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/leaguescript/src/LeagueScript.otf.i
data/volkhov/src/Volkhov-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/amiri/EARLY_ACCESS.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_41.glif.i
data/metrophobic/Metrophobic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/bonbon/src/Bonbon-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/cardo/Cardo-Bold.ttf.i
data/cardo/Cardo-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.case.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/apache/notosansphoenician/NotoSansPhoenician-Regular.ttf.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Light.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w_grave.glif.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/S_commaaccent.glif.i
data/judson/src/Judson-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/sortsmillgoudy/src/SortsMillGoudy-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/doppioone/DoppioOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/sortsmillgoudy/src/SortsMillGoudy-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/lato/src/Łukasz_Dziedzic-colour.jpg.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_61.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/sevillana/Sevillana-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/src/Cardo-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Thin.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/src/Cardo-Italic.otf.d
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/daysone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/kopubbatang/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/fresca/Fresca-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/cardo/Cardo-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/diplomatasc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_170.i
data/ofl/imfellfrenchcanonsc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e_th.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/Ubuntu-L-designsource.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/trykker/src/Trykker-Regular.vfb.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cherryswash/CherrySwash-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10032.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/forum/Forum-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/oleoscript/OleoScript-Bold.menu.i
data/titanone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/handlee/md5sum.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/twothirds.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.dnom.glif.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Regular.greek.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni021a_.glif.i
data/ofl/bubblerone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-Bold.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Kje-cy_.glif.i
data/apache/droidsansthai/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/unlock/src/Unlock-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_103.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/ygrave.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/enriqueta/src/Enriqueta-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/merienda/src/Merienda-Bold.otf.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/architectsdaughter/ArchitectsDaughter.menu.i
data/ofl/strong/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BlackItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BlackItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-SemiBold.devanagari.d
data/rougescript/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/volkhov/Volkhov-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_.glif.i
data/shanti/src/Shanti-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_e_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7_uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/src/GentiumPlus-Regular-designsource.otf.i
data/gentiumplus/src/GentiumPlus-Regular-designsource.otf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/poiretone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020b_.glif.i
data/nanumpenscript/src/NanumPen.otf.d
data/ofl/molengo/src/Molengo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.smcp.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular.otf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/coustard/src/Coustard-Black-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/U_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/butterflykids/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/l.ss01.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/Dosis-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Regular-Latin.menu.i
data/ofl/rosario/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_063.i
data/ofl/lemon/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/quattrocento/Quattrocento-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/nslash.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/lusitana/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-ExtraLight.ttf.d
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/ofl/monacal/src/Monacal-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif.i
data/ofl/anticslab/AnticSlab-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif.i
data/ofl/rozhaone/RozhaOne-Regular.ttf.d
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/convergence/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/changaone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/overtherainbow/OvertheRainbow.ttf.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBasic-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/kristi/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/Montserrat-Regular-OTF.vfb.d
data/almendra/Almendra-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/julee/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/emacron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/iconic/src/fullscreen_alt.svg.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/slabo13px/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/averiasansgwf/AveriaSansGWF-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/kalam/Kalam-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/karlatamilinclined/src/KarlaInclined-MM.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/poiretone/PoiretOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_caron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Regular.devanagari.d
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/tuffy/Tuffy-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/almendra/src/Almendra-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0311.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Regular.devanagari.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Hbar_.glif.i
data/gravitasone/GravitasOne.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/z.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/autourone/src/AutourOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/allerta/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/michroma/Michroma.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/lilitaone/src/LilitaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/marckscript/menusubset-marckscript.ff.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Bold.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Light.latin.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/cabin/Cabin-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/cabin/Cabin-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/medulaone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/cambo/Cambo-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/homemadeapple/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocentosans/QuattrocentoSans-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/londrinashadow/LondrinaShadow-Regular.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.glif.i
data/daysone/DaysOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-OTF/Raleway-Black-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Light.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_9d_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/italianno/METADATA.i
data/balthazar/src/Balthazar Regular.rtf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/lateef/METADATA.json.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/nobile/src/nobile.vfb.i
data/ptserif/src/PTF76F_W.woff.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/four.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-OTF/Raleway-ExtraBold-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/arvo/src/Arvo_VTT/Arvo-Regular_b05_b.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/caudex/Caudex-Regular.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/magra/Magra-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/fanwoodtext/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/lohitdevanagari/VERSION.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/kranky/LICENSE.txt.i
data/iconic/src/trash_fill.svg.i
data/autourone/src/AutourOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/aubrey/src/Aubrey-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/emptyset.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-BoldItalic-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/newscycle/NewsCycle-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/poly/src/Poly-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/marckscript/src/MarckScript-Regular.otf.i
data/bowlbyone/src/BowlbyOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni20a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/preahvihear/Preahvihear.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE068.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/R_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/opensans/src/OpenSans-SemiboldItalic.ttf.i
data/metrophobic/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/Quicksand-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/blackopsone/src/BlackOpsOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/lilitaone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/abel/src/Abel-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bhavuka/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10034.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/README.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/newrocker/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/lemonone/LemonOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/philosopher/Philosopher-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.ttf.d
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/voltaire/METADATA.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/src/Rajdhani-SemiBold.otf.otf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/at.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/hermeneusone/src/HermeneusOne-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.osf.glif.i
data/condiment/Condiment-Regular.latin.i
data/apache/rancho/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/corben/Corben-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0438.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic-Latin.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/autourone/src/AutourOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_dieresis.glif.i
data/dorsa/METADATA.i
data/ofl/gelasio/Gelasio-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E57_.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/zero.dnom.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_dieresis.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.menu.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/apache/droidsans/DroidSans-Bold.menu.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/nunito/Nunito-Regular.ttf.i
data/actor/src/Actor-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/stintultracondensed/StintUltraCondensed-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2206.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_4.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_284.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE076.glyph.i
data/ofl/podkova/src/Podkova-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/five.dnom.glif.i
data/opensans/src/OpenSans-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/rufina/src/Rufina-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/rufina/src/Rufina-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni04B6_.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-Black-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/ntr/NTR-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-Black-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/ntr/NTR-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/thabit/src/cour/courbi.pfa.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Odieresis.alt.glyph.i
data/ofl/baumans/Baumans-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/forum/menusubset-forum.ff.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/cousine/Cousine-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/nobile/src/Nobile_Bold_Italic.sfd.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Regular.ttf.i
data/nobile/src/Nobile_Bold_Italic.sfd.d
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/sueellenfrancisco/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/passionone/PassionOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Agrave.modern.glyph.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/five.ss01.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Black.vietnamese.i
data/russoone/menusubset-russoone.ff.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020b_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/apache/satisfy/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmr10/jsMath-cmr10.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/tienne/Tienne-Regular.ttf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/currency.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/debian/bin/smith.d
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/share/Share-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ie-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/unicaone/UnicaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BlackItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/spinnaker/src/Spinnaker-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BlackItalic.latin.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/hanuman/OFL.txt.i
data/originalsurfer/METADATA.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-MediumItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/josefinsans/METADATA.i
data/ofl/abeezee/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_igrave.liga.glif.i
data/apache/smokum/src/Smokum-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/antonio/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_5.glif.i
data/iconic/src/document_fill.svg.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/andada/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/pollerone/src/PollerOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/src/MavenPro-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/deliusswashcaps/src/DeliusSwashCaps-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/chango/src/Chango-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/basic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/overlocksc/src/OverlockSC-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020b_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/onesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/section.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/src/Rajdhani-Light.otf.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/s_t.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/ofl/pecita/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-CondLight.vietnamese+latin.i
data/ofl/unicaone/UnicaOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/rubikmonoone/RubikMonoOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-LightItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/righteous/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/gudea/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/droidsansmono/DroidSansMono.latin.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-MediumItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/handlee/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_123.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/macondoswashcaps/MacondoSwashCaps-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_7.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/imfellgreatprimer/IMFeGPit28P.ttf.d
data/ofl/imfellgreatprimer/IMFeGPit28P.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Black.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-TTF/Raleway-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/glegoo/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/DroidKufi-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/notoserifkhmer/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/rcaron.glyph.i
data/loversquarrel/LoversQuarrel-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni00B5.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/mrdehaviland/src/MrDeHaviland-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_210.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.smcp.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBasic-BoldItalic.greek+latin.i
data/opensans/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-Regular.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/holtwoodone/HoltwoodOne.menu.i
data/ofl/bitter/Bitter-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/nosifer/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/misssaintdelafield/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/fondamento/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ezra/METADATA.i
data/apache/notosansui/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/braceleft.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/passeroone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/AdventPro-ExtraLight-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/vt323/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.glif.i
data/stardosstencil/src/StardosStencil-Bold.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0431.srb.glif.i
data/ofl/sedan/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ij.smcp.glif.i
data/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Thin.vfb.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/cevicheone/CevicheOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/economica/Economica-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/merriweathersans/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/fugazone/src/FugazOne-Regular.otf.i
data/averiagwf/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/divisionslash.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni030f_.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSansMono-Regular.vietnamese+latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/iceland/src/Iceland-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_6.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/M_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/metal/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/Cinzel-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040D_.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf.d
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.ttf.i
data/lobster/Lobster.latin.i
data/ofl/metalmania/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GENTIUM-FAQ.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/geo/src/Geo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/xoxo/src/Xoxo-Regular.otf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/kaushanscript/KaushanScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/rationale/src/Rationale-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/ptserif/src/PTF56F_W.eot.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-ExtraLight.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ha-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/warnes/src/Warnes-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/ericaone/EricaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/jura/Jura-Light.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0428.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni0209.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/indieflower/IndieFlower.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020E_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0405.glif.i
data/muli/Muli-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/syncopate/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/trykker/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/stintultracondensed/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/z_.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GenBasB.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_A_Emacron.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni030F_.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Bold-TTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/bubblegumsans/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/philosophertwo/src/PhilosopherTwo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-Bold-TTF.vfb.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/istokweb/IstokWeb-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-latin.txt.i
data/apache/notosanstaiviet/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/AlegreyaSans-ThinItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Light.menu.i
data/molengo/src/generate.sh.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0414.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-latin-ext+latin.txt.i
data/ofl/gurajada/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbookbasic/GenBkBasBI.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Black-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/ptmono/menusubset-ptmono.ff.i
data/nunito/Nunito-Light.ttf.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GenBasBI.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/src/LibreCaslonText-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/sanchez/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/nobile/nobile.ttf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_173.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanCB.otf.d
data/ofl/oswald/Oswald-Light.latin.d
data/ofl/candal/src/Candal-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/src/SeoulNamsanCB.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0405.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/AlmendraSC-Bold.latin.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/marcellus/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/d.plate.i
data/apache/notosansmalayalam/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ruslanpro/OFL.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-Bold.menu.i
data/lora/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/alfaslabone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/puraleckanarrow/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/tienne/Tienne-Heavy.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_A_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/W_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.log.i
data/ofl/gloriahallelujah/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/lilyscriptone/LilyScriptOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/cambo/OFL.txt.i
data/parisienne/Parisienne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/limelight/src/Limelight-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/philosopher/src/Philosopher-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/marvel/src/Marvel-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bayon/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/alikeangular/src/AlikeAngular-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/vidaloka/src/Vidaloka_merged_and_optimized.vfb.d
data/ofl/spinnaker/Spinnaker-Regular.latin.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.latin-ext.d
data/vidaloka/src/Vidaloka_merged_and_optimized.vfb.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-MediumItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/molengo/Molengo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/rosario/Rosario-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/sharetech/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-LightItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/unifrakturcook/src/KochFraktur.zip.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/che-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/ofl/passionone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0425.glif.i
data/ofl/buenard/src/Buenard-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/frederickathegreat/FrederickatheGreat-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.case.glif.i
data/spicyrice/src/SpicyRice-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/satisfy/src/Satisfy-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/cantarell/Cantarell-BoldOblique.ttf.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/DancingScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_tilde.glif.i
data/vt323/src/VT323.sfd.d
data/ofl/stalemate/Stalemate-Regular.menu.i
data/vt323/src/VT323.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/cardo/src/Cardo-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/cardo/src/Cardo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/andada/src/Andada-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0405.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch29617454.png.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/oranienbaum/Oranienbaum-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Extrabold.latin.log.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-SemiBoldItalic.latin.i
data/rosarivo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/t_t.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/carter/src/CarterBold-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-ThinItalic.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/brunoace/BrunoAce-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s_p.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0491.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020a_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/sancreek/src/Sancreek-Regular.sfd.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_d_1.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/asap/Asap-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/economica/src/Economica-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Wdotaccent.glyph.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/ofl/amaticsc/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bulletoperator.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/softsign-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Cdotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/schwa.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotereversed.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_1.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni030f_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/o_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/lovedbytheking/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/raviprakash/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/ewert/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/vibur/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/ponnala/Ponnala-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/copyright.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/quintessential/src/Quintessential-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/unifraktur.gdl.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/waitingforthesunrise/WaitingfortheSunrise.latin.i
data/ofl/lohitbengali/src/README.cvs.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_.glif.i
data/opensans/menusubset-opensanscondlight.ff.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/CinzelDecorative-Black.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif.i
data/README.md.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/Nobile-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/jura/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/quantico/src/Quantico-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/metalmania/MetalMania-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/emblemaone/EmblemaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/src/CabinCondensed-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni041E_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/metrophobic/src/Metrophobic.vfb.i
data/ofl/butchermancaps/ButchermannCaps-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/buenard/src/Buenard-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/p_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041C_.glif.i
data/ofl/marvel/src/Marvel-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/amaticsc/src/AmaticSC-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/amaticsc/src/AmaticSC-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/inconsesi/Inconsesi-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/irishgrover/src/IrishGrover.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/ewert/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/librebaskerville/src/LibreBaskerville-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Bold.menu.i
data/oleoscript/OleoScript-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/antic/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Black.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-ThinItalic.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/spiral/OFL.txt.i
data/volkhov/src/Volkhov-Bold-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/souliyo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni042F_.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinsans/JosefinSans-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cuprum/Cuprum.cyrillic.i
data/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Regular.otf.i
data/belleza/Belleza-Regular.latin.i
data/dynalight/src/Dynalight-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-Italic.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/indieflower/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/skranji/Skranji-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/kiteone/src/KiteOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/emilyscandy/src/EmilysCandy-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/skranji/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/aubrey/src/Aubrey-Regular.otf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/denkone/DenkOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/sacramento/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/iu-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/puritan/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/nobile/Nobile-MediumItalic.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/kopubbatangpro/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ymacron.glyph.i
data/ofl/kopubbatangpro/KoPubBatang-Regular.ttf.d
data/parisienne/src/Parisienne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/signika/Signika-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/michroma/Michroma.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/wdotaccent.glyph.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/diplomatasc/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044A_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/METADATA.json.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/cardo/Cardo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/acute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ring.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/designers/font_diner/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/dotlessj.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/commaaccentcomb.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Semibold.devanagari.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Semibold.devanagari.d
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/nobile/Nobile-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/judson/Judson-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/homenaje/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/nobile/nobile_bold_italic.menu.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/font-source/myfeatures.gdl.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif.i
data/mountainsofchristmas/MountainsofChristmas-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/portlligatsans/PortLligatSans-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/play/Play-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cantarell/src/postcard.png.i
data/ofl/oregano/Oregano-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/sourceserifpro/SourceSerifPro-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0210.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/PT_Serif-Web-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/condiment/src/Condiment-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/lora/OFL.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/emptyset.glif.i
data/ribeye/Ribeye-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/butterflykids/ButterflyKids-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/MavenPro-Black.menu.i
data/inconsolata/METADATA.i
data/ofl/buda/Buda-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/novacut/src/NovaCut.sfd.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/novacut/src/NovaCut.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_6.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/menusubset.ff.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/lekton/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/marcellussc/src/MarcellusSC-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tse-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-Regular.devanagari.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/j.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/iconic/src/eyedropper.svg.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/r_acute.glif.i
data/droidarabickufi/LICENSE.txt.i
data/kottaone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansoldsoutharabian/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/j_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10056.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/petitformalscript/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/stardosstencil/md5sum.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/A_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/tulpenone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/carroisgothic/src/CarroisGothic-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturcook/UnifrakturCook-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/souliyo/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/I_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/yacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/p.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/lobster/src/Lobster.vfb.i
data/share/Share-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/eight.uppertab.glyph.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/markoone/MarkoOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.smcp.glif.i
data/euphoriascript/EuphoriaScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/J_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/OFL.txt.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBookBasic-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GentiumBookBasic-Italic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/ofl/monacal/Monacal-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBasic-Italic.latin.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-Bold.greek.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Udieresismacron_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/inika/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/stintultraexpanded/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/R_caron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/andikabasic/src/AndikaBasic-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0439.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/apache/notosanscypriotsyllabary/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/AdventPro-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_th.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/src/Quattrocento-Regular.otf.i
data/vastshadow/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/allura/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/qwigley/Qwigley-Regular.latin.i
data/neuton/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/bdotaccent.glyph.i
data/ofl/orbitron/Orbitron-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-SemiBold.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/volkhov/src/Volkhov-BoldItalic-OTF.otf.i
data/bangers/Bangers-Italic.menu.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/donegalone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve.case.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_95.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/fenix/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/b.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/fastbrushscript/src/FastBrushScript-Regular.otf.i
data/flamenco/src/Flamenco-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/patuaone/src/PatuaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/strong/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/apache/permanentmarker/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeyemarrow/RibeyeMarrow-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/sonsieone/SonsieOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/andika/Andika-R.latin-ext.ttf.nam.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_177.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.001.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif.i
data/cutive/.git/hooks/update.sample.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/engagement/Engagement-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/scada/Scada-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/dangrek/Dangrek.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/zero.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/ewert/src/Ewert-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_5.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/ewert/src/Ewert-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/didactgothic/DidactGothic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/three.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10049.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/tenaliramakrishna/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/shojumaru/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/marmelad/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-BoldItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/apache/sunshiney/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/federant/src/Federant-Regular.otf.i
data/yesevaone/src/YesevaOne-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni041B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/raviprakash/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/raviprakash/RaviPrakash-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BoldItalic.latin.d
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.glif.i
data/philosophertwo/PhilosopherTwo-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth.vfb.i
data/makoone/md5sum.i
data/averialibre/AveriaLibre-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/nosifercaps/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Nacute.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_Eth.plate.i
data/designers/johan_kallas/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/ofl/carroisgothic/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0.glif.i
data/ofl/metrophobic/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/poetsenone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/oflsortsmillgoudytt/OFLGoudyStMTT-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/moul/Moul.menu.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/Gruppo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0490.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/miltonian/src/Miltonian.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/T_.ss01.glif.i
data/felltypes/IMFePIrm28P.ttf.i
data/allerta/src/Allerta-Kit.ai.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/l_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-LightItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/yesevaone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/designers/jasper_de_waard/BIO.i
data/ofl/cuprum/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_040.i
data/ofl/alegreya/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/dosis/src/Dosis-ExtraBold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/Z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/missfajardose/src/MissFajardose-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/zero.numr.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/felltypes/src/IMFellTypesOFL.zip.i
data/felltypes/src/IMFellTypesOFL.zip.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/fredokaone/src/FredokaDingbats-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B1_.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/src/Fontlab/PlayfairDisplay-Regular.flc.i
data/ubuntu/src/VTT/Ubuntu-L-hinting.ttf.i
data/ofl/anticslab/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0405.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_037.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Kcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/signika/Signika-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-Bold.devanagari.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/concertone/ConcertOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ubuntumono/src/VTT/UbuntuMono-B-hinting.ttf.i
data/ubuntumono/src/VTT/UbuntuMono-B-hinting.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBold.greek-ext.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Regular.vfb.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-Regular.vfb.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/kacute.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/raviprakash/RaviPrakash-Regular.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/inknutantiqua/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/nanummyeongjo/NanumMyeongjo-Regular.korean.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/ofl/dhurjati/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf.i
data/kellyslab/src/KellySlab-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/src/AlmendraSC-Regular-original.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/dhurjati/Dhurjati-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_A.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_4.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/m.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.latin-ext.d
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/battambang/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/varela/src/Varela-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/herrvonmuellerhoff/md5sum.i
data/ofl/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/AlegreyaSansSC-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/dangrek/Dangrek.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/lora/Lora-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_3.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_01.glif.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/CabinSketch-Regular.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/W_.ss01.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_D_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/1super.plate.i
data/baumans/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/macron.case.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0404.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-DemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygenmono/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/METADATA.json.i
data/graduate/md5sum.i
data/tuffy/src/Tuffy-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/tuffy/src/Tuffy-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni020E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/kantumruy/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/modernantiqua/src/ModernAntiqua-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_204.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/butchermancaps/ButchermanCaps-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/mergeone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni042A_.glif.i
data/ofl/kottaone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/almendra/Almendra-Regular.ttf.i
data/roboto/Roboto-LightItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-SemiBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/rougescript/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/jejugothic/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/jejugothic/JejuGothic-Regular.ttf.d
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-SemiBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/Alegreya-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ExtraBoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/Rambla-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/content/Content-Regular.khmer.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/MavenPro-Bold.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/mavenpro/MavenPro-Medium.menu.i
data/apache/chewy/Chewy.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044B_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumpenscript/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/alikeangular/src/AlikeAngular-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/martel/src/Martel-UltraLight.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/pressstart2p/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-ExtraLight.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Black.latin.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/apache/notosansgurmukhi/NotoSansGurmukhi-Bold.ttf.i
data/volkhov/src/Volkhov-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Black.latin.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.case.glif.i
data/ofl/laila/Laila-Medium.ttf.d
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.cyrillic+latin.log.i
data/badscript/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/terminaldosis/Dosis-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/marmelad/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/sonsieone/src/SonsieOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ubuntumono/CONTRIBUTING.txt.i
data/fontdinerswanky/FontdinerSwanky.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Abreve.modern2.glyph.i
data/ofl/averagesans/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/andikabasic/src/AndikaBasic-Regular.sfd.d
data/andikabasic/src/AndikaBasic-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/ruda/Ruda-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/miltonian/Miltonian-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/bubblerone/BubblerOne-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Bold.cyrillic.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Bold.cyrillic.d
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/cantarell/src/src/Cantarell-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/shortstack/METADATA.json.i
data/mrbedford-internal/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/codystar/src/Codystar-Light-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/jura/Jura-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/blackopsone/src/BlackOpsOne.otf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/cookie/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_280.i
data/wellfleet/src/Wellfleet-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/sansation/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/griffy/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni20B9_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/lekton/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/elsieswashcaps/src/ElsieSwashCaps-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/src/LobsterTwo-BoldItalic.vfb.d
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/VERSION.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Thin.latin.i
data/ofl/racingsansone/src/RacingSansOne-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/almendra/Almendra-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/diplomatasc/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/buda/Buda-Light.ttf.i
data/iconic/src/play_alt.svg.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Eng_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_109.i
data/fredokaone/FredokaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/kaffeesatz/archive/YanoneKaffeesatz-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0066006A_.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/bubblegumsans/BubblegumSans-Regular.menu.i
data/tenorsans/TenorSans-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-MediumItalic.greek.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/divide.glif.i
data/ofl/kristi/Kristi.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/sansation/Sansation-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/apache/notoserifarmenian/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_200.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/overlock/Overlock-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/supermercadoone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/H_circumflex.glif.i
data/dosis/src/Dosis-SemiBold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/sarala/Sarala-Bold.ttf.i
data/exo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/Quicksand-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/EBGaramond-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/nobile/Nobile-MediumItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/newGlyph_.002.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04BA_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.latin.d
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/bowlbyone/BowlbyOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/domine/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Light-TTF.sfd.d
data/apache/montez/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/R_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSansMono-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.log.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Bold.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/space.001.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/radley/Radley-Italic.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Italic.menu.d
data/droid/DroidSerif-Italic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0418.glif.i
data/squadaone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/V_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/istok/Istok-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/apache/syncopate/Syncopate-Bold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.glif.i
data/molengo/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/italianno/src/Italianno-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/battambang/Battambang-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/caladea/Caladea-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/novaslim/NovaSlim.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/stoke/src/Stoke-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/marcellussc/MarcellusSC-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/iconic/src/beaker.svg.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/ofl/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/apache/satisfy/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/unifrakturcook/src/SOURCE.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/whitesquare.smcp.glif.i
data/cousine/Cousine-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_82.glif.i
data/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Bold.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/mrdafoe/src/MrDafoe-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/luckiestguy/LuckiestGuy.menu.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/Scheherazade-R.ttf.d
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.greek-ext+latin.log.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/Scheherazade-R.ttf.i
data/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Italic.latin.i
data/knewave/Knewave-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/contrailone/src/ContrailOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/montaga/src/Montaga-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/kellyslab/KellySlab-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/jimnightshade/src/JimNightshade-Regular.vfb.i
data/bevan/src/VTT/Bevan_VTT - Copy.ttf.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/cuprum/src/Cuprum-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/jura/Jura-Medium.ttf.d
data/ofl/margarine/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/nunito/src/Nunito-Light.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Wdieresis_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_0B_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/Dosis-Light.ttf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F3_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/durusans/DuruSans-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/iconic/src/move_alt1.svg.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/L_dot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBoldItalic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni200a_.glif.i
data/ericaone/src/EricaOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0434.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_282.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_dieresis.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_6_uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/A_breve.glif.i
data/megrim/src/Megrim.vfb.i
data/ofl/butchermancaps/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v_.glif.i
data/ofl/tradewinds/TradeWinds-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.smcp.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-CondLight.ttf.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Regular.ttf.i
data/nanumbrush/src/NanumBrush.otf.i
data/nanumbrush/src/NanumBrush.otf.d
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-HeavyItalic.menu.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-LightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/h.smcp.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Lower Case/sketch29615205.png.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ibreve.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0200.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/Nobile-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/allura/Allura-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bulletoperator.glif.i
data/ofl/hanuman/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10108.glif.i
data/unna/src/Unna-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0200.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-SemiBold.latin.i
data/nanumpenscript/METADATA.i
data/ofl/bonbon/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/shadowsintolight/ShadowsIntoLight.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/Dhyana-Bold.lao.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/quicksand/src/Quicksand-LightItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/N_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/play/Play-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/actor/md5sum.i
data/ofl/codacaption/CodaCaption-Heavy.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_176.i
data/ofl/nanumbrushscript/NanumBrushScript-Regular.korean.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumbrushscript/NanumBrushScript-Regular.korean.d
data/aftaserifthin/md5sum.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/sanchez/Sanchez-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/germaniaone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_8.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_033.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/unif_b_02.glif.i
data/ofl/amethysta/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/smokum/md5sum.i
data/ofl/forum/Forum-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/apache/materialicons/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/dosislight/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045E_.glif.i
data/sail/src/Sail-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/stardosstencil/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cookie/Cookie-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/koulen/Koulen.menu.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/copse/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/playfairdisplay/src/Encoding/FTH_Playfair without small caps.enc.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Bold.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_macron.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/karla/Karla-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/aldrich/md5sum.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/alice/src/Alice-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/C_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/orig/SeymourOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/archivonarrow/ArchivoNarrow-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-ExtraBoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/tuffy/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/nanumpenscript/EARLY_ACCESS.html.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/iconic/src/comment_alt1_stroke.svg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0421.glif.i
data/vt321/VT321.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/pecita/METADATA.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/asterisk.01.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/visiblespace.plate.i
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasR.latin.ttf.nam.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/threeeighths.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_acute.glif.i
data/esteban/src/Esteban-Regular.otf.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenic.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01f_1.glif.i
data/quantico/Quantico-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni04B7_.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/six.ss01.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Bold.ttf.i
data/nobile/Nobile002.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/newGlyph_.001.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/aring.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/josefinsans/src/JosefinSansStd-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/sigmarone/SigmarOne.menu.i
data/apache/notosansgujaratiui/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/t_y.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmti10/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/O_mega.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_bar.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/coda/Coda-Heavy.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/euro.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/goblinone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0408.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/flavors/Flavors-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/hbar.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/Roboto-CondensedItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/palanquindark/PalanquinDark-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni021B_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7_uni0e_c_a_.glif.i
data/dancingscript/DancingScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.glif.i
data/leaguescript/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/dancingscript/DancingScript-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HeavyItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexyen/cwTeXYen-zhonly.ttf.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-TTF/Raleway-Medium-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/te-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/codacaption/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00660062.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/almendra/src/Almendra-Italic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/daysone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gje-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/Martel-DemiBold.devanagari.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/oleoscript/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/trochut/src/Trochut-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7_uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/petrona/src/Petrona-Specimen-2011-10-15-eng.jpg.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/petrona/src/Petrona-Specimen-2011-10-15-eng.jpg.d
data/marvel/src/Marvel-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/period.plate.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/londrinaoutline/METADATA.json.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Italic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/cantoraone/src/CantoraOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/fasterone/src/FasterOne-Regular-Specimen.jpg.i
data/ofl/diplomata/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_9.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-SemiBoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Igrave.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/y_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/C_R_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/four.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni042B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/allan/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/I_J_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_.glif.i
data/share/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cutive/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/W_dieresis.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ldot.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_065.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/features.fea.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/mrssaintdelafield/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/wireone/WireOne.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0217.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/partialdiff.glif.i
data/ofl/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/bar.glyph.i
data/ofl/ovo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0442.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/kantumruy/Kantumruy-Regular.menu.i
data/sofia/src/Sofia-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/rosario/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.numr.glif.i
data/novasquare/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0428.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/A_tilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/euro.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_03.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/imacron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m_.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2005.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/asul/src/Asul-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Atilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/lilyscriptone/src/LilyScriptOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10037.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsanscaption/PT_Sans-Caption-Web-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Bold.ttf.i
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/f_t.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/sancreek/src/Sancreek-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/designers/cyreal/BIO.i
data/ofl/cousine/src/Cousine-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/GFSNeohellenic.ttf.d
data/sancreek/src/Sancreek-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Bold.otf.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.cyrillic+latin.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_circumflex.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_016.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_p.glif.i
data/designers/jovanny_lemonad/BIO.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/griffy/Griffy-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/apache/permanentmarker/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/odieresis.alt.glyph.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ubreve.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/cousine/md5sum.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cwtexming/src/cwTeXMing-ofl.ttf.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_163.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/cwtexming/src/cwTeXMing-ofl.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/felltypes/FeENrm27P.menu.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/apache/notosansgujaratiui/NotoSansGujaratiUI-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0212.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ptserif/src/PTF56F.ttf.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-Regular.ttf.i
data/ptserif/src/PTF56F.ttf.d
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-MediumItalic.vietnamese.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Edotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/METADATA.i
data/ofl/qwigley/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/donegalone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/tenorsans/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/kreon/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/n_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/reeniebeanie/Reeniebeanie.menu.i
data/ofl/unifrakturcook/src/UnifrakturCook-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/quantico/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsanvertical/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/volkhov/src/Volkhov-Italic-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsanvertical/SeoulNamsanVertical-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/goudybookletter1911/METADATA.json.i
data/simonetta/src/Simonetta-Italic.otf.i
data/tools/subset/subset.py.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/abreve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/scada/Scada-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0205.glif.i
data/apache/droidsanstamil/COPYRIGHT.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/shortstack/ShortStack-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/fjordone/src/FjordOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ubuntu/menusubset-ubuntu.ff.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/v.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ygrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratsubrayada/src/MontserratSubrayada-Regular-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/merriweather/src/Merriweather-LightItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/kalam/Kalam-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_cedilla.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ovo/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni04B1_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0201.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/boogaloo/Boogaloo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSerif-BoldItalic.greek-ext+latin.log.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/bitter/src/Bitter-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/dcroat.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/butchermancaps/src/ButchermannCaps-Regular.sfd.d
data/butchermancaps/src/ButchermannCaps-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/Cabin-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/prostoone/ProstoOne-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/andika/sources/graphite/features.gdh.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Italic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/nomina/src/Nomina-LightItalic.vfb.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.menu.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/laomuangdon/LaoMuangDon-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_.glif.i
data/ofl/philosopher/menusubset-philosopher.ff.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.menu.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_tilde.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ericaone/src/EricaOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ericaone/src/EricaOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Scommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/T_horn.glif.i
data/ofl/gochihand/src/GochiHand-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Bold.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/apache/tinos/Tinos-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Bold.greek-ext.d
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Light.sfd.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/cuprum/Cuprum-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/rufina/METADATA.json.i
data/quattrocentosans/src/QuattrocentoSans-BoldItalic.otf.i
data/philosopher/Philosopher-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/nunito/src/Nunito-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/kreon/src/Kreon-Light-TTF.vfb.i
data/share/src/Share-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/wcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/norican/OFL.txt.i
data/spinnaker/Spinnaker-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/overlock/src/Overlock-Bold-OTF.otf.i
data/asap/src/Asap-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/butterflykids/src/ButterflyKids-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/imprima/src/Imprima-Regular-specimen.jpg.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/imprima/src/Imprima-Regular-specimen.jpg.i
data/judson/Judson-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE072.glyph.i
data/apache/notosansosmanya/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Gbreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/slabo27px/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/belleza/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/caroncomb.glyph.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0208.glif.i
data/coda/src/Coda-Heavy.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.fea.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/marvel/src/Marvel-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/u.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.cyrillic-ext.d
data/medulaone/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Hcircumflex_.glif.i
data/vt323/OFL.txt.i
data/designers/victor_gaultney/BIO.template.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0206.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/quicksand/Quicksand-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/orbitron/src/Orbitron-Black-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_c_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/K_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/sanchez/src/Sanchez-Italic-OTF.vfb.d
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/apache/notosanstagalog/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_i.glif.i
data/ofl/dynalight/src/Dynalight-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/romanesco/Romanesco-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni045D_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Omega_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/andikabasic/METADATA.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_ring.glif.i
data/cardo/src/Manual104s.pdf.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/cardo/src/Manual104s.pdf.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/lemon/src/Lemon-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/ofl/monoone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/expletussans/src/ExpletusSans-Mediumitalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/zero.subs.glif.i
data/ofl/stalemate/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/orienta/OFL.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/apache/notosanskannada/NotoSansKannada-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/rationale/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif.i
data/ofl/iceland/src/Iceland-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/graduate/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dagger.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/O_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/rufina/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/C_R_.glif.i
data/istokweb/src/IstokWeb-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/istokweb/src/IstokWeb-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/plaster/md5sum.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/shadowsintolighttwo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.d
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Thorn.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Heavy.menu.i
data/ofl/lobster/Lobster-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/coda/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Acircumflex.modern2.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ohungarumlaut.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/knewave/Knewave-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/martel/src/Martel-UltraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/italianno/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Medium.devanagari.i
data/ofl/ekmukta/EkMukta-Medium.devanagari.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/lustria/src/Lustria-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_d__uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_b__uni0e_c_b_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ribeye/Ribeye-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/carterone/src/CarterBold-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/portlligatslab/src/PortLligatSlab-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/carterone/src/CarterBold-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_6B_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni272f_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/pompiere/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ii-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aringacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_ogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/fondamento/Fondamento-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/rufina/src/Rufina-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_ring.glif.i
data/ofl/stintultracondensed/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/monacal/Monacal-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/fenix/src/Fenix-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_grave.glif.i
data/butcherman/src/Butcherman-Regular.sfd.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/butcherman/src/Butcherman-Regular.sfd.i
data/pinyonscript/src/PinyonScript-Regular.vfb.i
data/pinyonscript/src/PinyonScript-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.ss01.glif.i
data/lobster/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Semibold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_caron.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/economica/src/Economica-Italic-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/simonetta/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_1E_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/ptmono/PTM55FT.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/METADATA.json.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/miama/Miama-Regular.greek-ext.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/novaslim/NovaSlim.ttf.i
data/apache/notosanscypriotsyllabary/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/waitingforthesunrise/src/WaitingfortheSunrise.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/megrim/Megrim.latin.i
data/ofl/baumans/src/Baumans-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_ring.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_234.i
data/cuprum/Cuprum.ttf.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/armata/Armata-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/designers/sean_mccabe/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/OFL.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/questrial/src/Questrial-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf.d
data/sancreek/md5sum.i
data/ofl/palanquin/Palanquin-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/Bevan.latin.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/apache/droidsansethiopic/VERSION.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/apache/notosansvai/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/y.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0417.glif.i
data/shadowsintolighttwo/ShadowsIntoLightTwo-Regular.latin.i
data/jsmath/jsMath-cmti10.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif.i
data/apache/droidserifthai/EARLY_ACCESS.css.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/gentium/src/sources/GentiumIDesignSource.vfb.d
data/ofl/ptserifcaption/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/englebert/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/francoisone/FrancoisOne.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/monsieurladoulaise/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/ofl/novaoval/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Eth_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0066006B_.liga.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/apache/montez/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.cyrillic.d
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.cyrillic.i
data/spirax/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10092.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/roboto/Roboto-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/orbitron/src/Orbitron-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/brunoacesc/BrunoAceSC-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Bold.ttf.i
data/playfairdisplaysc/md5sum.i
data/crimson/md5sum.i
data/supermercadoone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/average/Average-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/carterone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/D_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/thabit/src/Thabit.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/cent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-BoldItalic.greek.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/fjallaone/FjallaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/src/PathwayGothicOne-Regular-specimen.jpg.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni00b_5.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni2002.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/src/VTT/UbuntuMono-BI-hinting.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zero.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yeru-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/podkova/Podkova-Bold.ttf.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/src/VTT/UbuntuMono-BI-hinting.ttf.d
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/d_.glif.i
data/audiowide/METADATA.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/englebert/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/karla/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/homenaje/src/Homenaje-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/r.glyph.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/junge/Junge-Regular.menu.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/chivo/Chivo-BlackItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_60.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/khmer/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_230.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/crimson/crimson_text_roman.menu2.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/mrbedford/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/condiment/Condiment-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/fredokaone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0403.glif.i
data/scheherazade/METADATA.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Claus-Eggers-Sorensen-description.txt.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/leaguescript/LeagueScript.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Nacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/ofl/candal/src/Candal.ttx.i
data/overtherainbow/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/asterisk.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/forum/src/Forum-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w_.glif.i
data/gloriahallelujah/METADATA.i
data/gentium/src/GentiumDesignSource.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.subs.glif.i
data/gentium/src/GentiumDesignSource.vfb.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ruslanone/src/RuslanOne-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ruslanone/src/RuslanOne-TTF.sfd.d
data/supermercadoone/OFL.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Italic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B7_.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ofl/simonetta/src/Simonetta-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/fresca/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_171.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Italic.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10057.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Thin.sfd.d
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-BoldItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Thin.sfd.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_088.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/d_croat.glif.i
data/ofl/markoone/src/MarkoOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/lifesavers/LifeSavers-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t_.glif.i
data/ezra/.DS_Store.i
data/apache/mountainsofchristmas/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0216.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-ExtraBold.latin.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/andika/Andika-R.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/judson/src/Judson-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/judson/src/Judson-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/doppioone/DoppioOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/sortsmillgoudy/SortsMillGoudy-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/shortstack/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/apache/calligraffitti/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Yi-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/gudea/src/Gudea-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/holtwoodonesc/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/Rajdhani-Regular.devanagari.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/merriweather/METADATA.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/features.fea.i
data/gentium/GentiumAlt-Italic.greek+latin,greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/tuffy/Tuffy-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/germaniaone/GermaniaOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/unna/md5sum.i
data/ofl/gudea/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0C8.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Black-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cacute.smcp.glif.i
data/matesc/src/MateSC-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Iogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/frederickathegreat/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.cyrillic-ext.d
data/gentiumbasic/GenBasBI.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/a-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Y_.ss01.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Adieresis_.glif.i
data/metamorphous/METADATA.i
data/ofl/ebgaramond/EBGaramond-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/hammersmithone/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ezra/src/Ezra Unicode Convert30.pdf.d
data/unifrakturcook/src/unifraktur.fea.i
data/ezra/src/Ezra Unicode Convert30.pdf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/bullet.case.glif.i
data/ofl/mako/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0202.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uring.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/imfelldoublepicasc/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/idotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/courgette/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/droidserifthai/EARLY_ACCESS.family.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/dosis/src/Dosis-Light-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/DroidKufi-Bold.arabic.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/s.noswash.glyph.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/question.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/novamono/src/NovaMono.png.i
data/irishgrover/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/src/Rajdhani-Bold.otf.otf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scommaaccent.glif.i
data/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/designers/patrick_wagesreiter/portrait.jpg.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/apache/luckiestguy/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_5.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/didactgothic/src/DidactGothic.vfb.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/Oxygen-Regular.latin.i
data/francoisone/OFL.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Thin.ttf.d
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/z_caron.glif.i
data/marcellus/src/Marcellus-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/x.smcp.glif.i
data/enriqueta/Enriqueta-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/gudea/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/ij.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u_dieresis.glif.i
data/holtwoodone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/merriweather/Merriweather-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/scaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsancondensed/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE0A0.glyph.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/convergence/Convergence-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsancondensed/SeoulNamsanCondensed-Light.ttf.d
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/macondo/Macondo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/plaster/Plaster-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/uni042A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/endash.smcp.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Black.vfb.i
data/droidarabicnaskh/DroidNaskh-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/kerning.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/a_.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/meriendaone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/quotedbl.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0403.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0429.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/Rambla-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/paytoneone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/almendra/Almendra-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020d_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/abreve.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumbrushscript/menusubset-korean.ff.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/trocchi/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/nunito/src/Nunito-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/electrolize/METADATA.json.i
data/nunito/src/Nunito-Light-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/three.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/allertastencil/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B6_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044F_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/trykker/Trykker-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/playtypesans/PlaytypeSans-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/gorditas/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/charissil/CharisSIL-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/piedra/src/Piedra-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ecircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_7_uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni20a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Bold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-Regular.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_99.glif.i
data/ofl/berkshireswash/BerkshireSwash-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/Padauk-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/TrueType tables/gasp.xml.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_circumflex.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Bold-Latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-Heavy.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/librecaslontext/LibreCaslonText-Regular.menu.i
data/ewert/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0428.glif.i
data/frijole/Frijole-Regular.menu.i
data/carme/Carme-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Italic.vietnamese.i
data/trocchi/Trocchi-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_a_.glif.i
data/ofl/vidaloka/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_circumflex.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/comma.glif.i
data/ofl/chivo/Chivo-Black.menu.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/newscycle/md5sum.i
data/ofl/ranchers/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i_ogonek.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/fasthand/Fasthand-Regular.menu.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-ExtraBoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/ramaraja/Ramaraja-Regular.latin.i
data/ruthie/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.sups.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/OFL.txt.i
data/fascinateinline/METADATA.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/norican/src/Norican-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_055.i
data/bubblegumsans/BubblegumSans-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/backslash.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/E_macron.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Medium.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif.i
data/esteban/Esteban-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/quotesinglbase.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/kellyslab/KellySlab-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/coda/Coda-Heavy.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/pollerone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_40.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/mrssheppards/src/MrsSheppards-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_3.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/N_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/karla/Karla-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/eatercaps/EaterCaps-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/raleway/src/matt_mcinerney.jpg.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/Z_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_4.glif.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Medium.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/poiretone/src/PoiretOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/vollkorn/src/vollkorn.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni042C_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/S_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/uni2074.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_286.i
data/ofl/galdeano/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cherryswash/src/CherrySwash-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/contents.plist.i
data/ofl/lusitana/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/andadasc/src/AndadaSC-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/economica/Economica-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/VesperLibre-Regular.devanagari.i
data/ofl/vesperlibre/VesperLibre-Regular.devanagari.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/spicyrice/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/radical.glif.i
data/ofl/andada/Andada-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/apache/clarosans/ClaroSans-ExtraLight.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/encodesanswide/EncodeSansWide-Light.latin.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/geostar/src/GeostarFill-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/tenaliramakrishna/METADATA.json.i
data/exo/Exo-Regular.menu.i
data/cabincondensed/src/CabinCondensed-SemiBold-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/T_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/test-suite/kyu_wdl.txt.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/src/OpenSansHebrew-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/bulletoperator.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-cyrillic-ext-pure.txt.i
data/designers/BIO.template.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/zero.glif.i
data/designers/sil_international/portrait-original.jpg.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/W_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/jollylodger/JollyLodger-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_60.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Light.greek.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/O_E_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Dcroat_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/combined_font_sources/Montserrat-Bold_plus_Alternates.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/combined_font_sources/Montserrat-Bold_plus_Alternates.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0437.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.smcp.glif.i
data/cardo/Cardo-Regular.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/gfsdidot/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/griffy/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Aring.modern2.glyph.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/R_commaaccent.glif.i
data/kaushanscript/src/KaushanScript-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020e_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/simonetta/Simonetta-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/nacute.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/METADATA.json.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/v.glif.i
data/autourone/AutourOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ncaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-SemiBold.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/salsa/src/Salsa-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni009a_.glif.i
data/apache/irishgrover/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/four.lf.glif.i
data/ofl/gildadisplay/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/charissil/CharisSIL-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/oregano/METADATA.json.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/U_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/zdotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-MediumItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/yen.glif.i
data/parisienne/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/capriola/src/Capriola-Regular-OTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/kantumruy/Kantumruy-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/trykker/md5sum.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-SemiBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/kenia/src/Julia_Petretta.jpg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/one.dnom.glif.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/degree.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/IJ_.glif.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/atomicage/src/AtomicAge-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/onethird.glif.i
data/ofl/changa/Changa-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/londrinaoutline/LondrinaOutline-Regular.menu.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/G_.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10036.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/a_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0437.glif.i
data/federant/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/radley/src/Radley.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_57.glif.i
data/ofl/drsugiyama/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/mate/Mate-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/courgette/Courgette-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/milonga/src/Milonga-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/poetsenone/src/PoetsenOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/tinos/src/Tinos-Bold.ttf.d
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/tinos/src/Tinos-Bold.ttf.i
data/bentham/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Oacute_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/cardo/Cardo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/tcedilla.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0215.glif.i
data/ofl/novaround/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/averialibre/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/changa/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/droidsansthai/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ring.case.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zacute.ss01.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/forum/src/Forum-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/lohitdevanagari/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/rambla/Rambla-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/U_.glif.i
data/comfortaa/Comfortaa-Bold-Latin.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/z.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/A_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/crimsontext/src/HOWTO.txt.i
data/ofl/kavoon/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/dancingscript/DancingScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/poly/Poly-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040C_.glif.i
data/ofl/croissantone/src/CroissantOne-Regular-Specimen.jpg.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/croissantone/src/CroissantOne-Regular-Specimen.jpg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/spirax/src/Spirax-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dcaron.glif.i
data/inder/src/Inder-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/j_circumflex.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/karlatamilupright/src/KarlaUpright-Regular-PreVOLT.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/o_e_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_108.i
data/ofl/hind/Hind-Semibold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nine.subs.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmbx10/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/almendrasc/AlmendraSC-Bold.ttf.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ucircumflex.glyph.i
data/fredokaone/FredokaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/a_grave.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_8.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/battambang/md5sum.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/novaround/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/cabin/src/Cabin-Italic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/reeniebeanie/src/ReenieBeanie-VTT.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-CondBold.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/e_.glif.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/Sources/GenBasI.vfb.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ledger/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-MediumItalic.menu.i
data/apache/notosanscypriotsyllabary/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/bracketleft.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/unie_007.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_grave.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/lora/Lora-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Italic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/OE_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ugrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/BenchNine-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni045A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/nunito/METADATA.json.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_201.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0452.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.smcp.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/I_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/l_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/aguafinascript/AguafinaScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Thin.otf.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/tools/encodings/unicodes-cyrillic+latin.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/iogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Oslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/karla/src/Karla-Italic-MM.vfb.i
data/boogaloo/Boogaloo-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/U_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni00a_d_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/averiaseriflibre/AveriaSerifLibre-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C5_.glif.i
data/neucha/src/neucha.otf.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Bold.ttf.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/d.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni0207.glif.i
data/ofl/buenard/src/Buenard-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/fascinateinline/FascinateInline-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Light.vfb.d
data/merriweather/src/Merriweather-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.sfd.i
data/ufl/ubuntucondensed/LICENCE-FAQ.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.glif.i
data/ofl/miniver/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0426.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scedilla_.glif.i
data/tienne/src/Tienne-Heavy.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/kaushanscript/KaushanScript-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/dinah/Dinah-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cuprum/src/Cuprum-Italic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ograve_.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_035.i
data/fresca/METADATA.i
data/apache/notosanskharoshthi/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/parisienne/src/Parisienne-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni020F_.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/threequarters.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/breeserif/src/BreeSerif-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/t.ss01.glif.i
data/apache/notosansdevanagariui/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/pirataone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/AlegreyaSans-Black.latin.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_9.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/pacifico/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/yen.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Ubreve.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/spinnaker/src/Spinnaker-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/istok/IstokWeb-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/caudex/Caudex-Regular.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/fjordone/src/FjordOne-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tbar.glif.i
data/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Regular.ai.d
data/fondamento/src/Fondamento-Regular.ai.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/ampersand.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/src/SFD/EBGaramondSC.sfd.i
data/ebgaramond/src/SFD/EBGaramondSC.sfd.d
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/gentiumplus/src/GentiumPlus-Regular-anchors.xml.i
data/iconic/src/comment_stroke.svg.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/jotione/src/JotiOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/hacek.case.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/z.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Racute.glyph.i
data/ofl/allerta/src/Allerta-Regular.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0415.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmsy10/jsMath-cmsy10.latin.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Italic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/germaniaone/GermaniaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni020B.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/chauphilomeneone/src/ChauPhilomeneOne-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/omacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/yeru-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/gloriahallelujah/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/X_.glif.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/src/DancingScript-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Eacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/mallanna/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/lemon/Lemon-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/Sarpanch-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/teko/Teko-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/amiri/EXTENSION.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni020e_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/x_.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmbx10/jsMath-cmbx10.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansthaiui/NotoSansThaiUI-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/NoticiaText-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/iceland/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/thegirlnextdoor/METADATA.json.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/overline.glif.i
data/ofl/quintessential/Quintessential-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni1e_1e_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/l_slash.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/skranji/src/Skranji-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Otilde_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/3.plate.i
data/ofl/hermeneusone/HermeneusOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/waitingforthesunrise/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/quattrocento/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf.d
data/quattrocento/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_A_E.modern.glyph.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/andika/Andika-R.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/breve.plate.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/sources/GentiumBasic-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/cabincondensed/CabinCondensed-Bold.latin.i
data/alegreya/METADATA.i
data/kaffeesatz/YanoneKaffeesatz-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/ofl/strait/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/fanwoodtext/md5sum.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/C_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/c_circumflex.glif.i
data/oldstandard/OldStandard-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_slash.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/vampiroone/VampiroOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/brawler/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.ss01.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/Keyman/EZRAUNI24.KMN.i
data/ofl/esteban/src/Esteban-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0237.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/headlandone/METADATA.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0416.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/miltonian/src/Miltonian-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/felltypes/IMFeGPit28P.ttf.d
data/miltonian/src/Miltonian-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/rosario/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/philosopher/src/Philosopher-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/apache/opensanscondensed/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/lustria/src/Lustria-Regular.otf.i
data/telex/Telex-Regular.ttf.i
data/gentiumbasic/src/GenBkBasR.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Abreve_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/kranky/APACHE2.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Z.glyph.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Regular.greek.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/permanentmarker/PermanentMarker.menu.i
data/ezrasil/src/mappings/MC2se_2007.cct.i
data/exo/Exo-ExtraLightItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/allerta/Allerta-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-CondensedItalic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Tbar_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/nobile_bold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Itilde_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/wellfleet/Wellfleet-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/miltonian/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/khand/Khand-Light.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/karma/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ptserif/src/PTZ55F_W.woff.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020e_.glif.i
data/signika/src/Signika-Light-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_61.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Ydieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/pertenthousand.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/iceland/src/Iceland-Regular-OTF.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotesingle.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/C_caron.glif.i
data/gentiumbasic/GentiumBasic-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/cuprum/src/Cuprum-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/play/Play-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Iacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_breve.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch2961731.png.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/currency.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Cacute_.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0201.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-SemiBold.ttf.i
data/justmeagaindownhere/JustMeAgainDownHere.ttf.i
data/ofl/trochut/src/Trochut-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/cutive/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020D_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/q_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/originalsurfer/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/quicksand/src/Quicksand-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_282.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/badscript/BadScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/W_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/apache/opensanshebrew/OpenSansHebrew-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni04C0_.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan_info.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni043C_.glif.i
data/oswald/src/Oswald-Light-unhinted.ttf.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Regular.latin-ext.log.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/cacute.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ebgaramond/src/SFD/EBGaramond-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.glif.i
data/signikanegative/src/SignikaNegative-Light-OTF.vfb.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/C_.glif.i
data/fjordone/FjordOne-Regular.menu.i
data/apache/notosansthai/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/gelasio/Gelasio-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_f_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/candal/Candal.ttf.i
data/holtwoodonesc/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/metalmania/MetalMania-Regular.ttf.d
data/metalmania/MetalMania-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/allan/Allan-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/jsmathcmex10/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/C_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/fiveeighths.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/lcaron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cent.plate.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ffi.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/currency.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/josefinslab/JosefinSlab-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_202.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/b_.glif.i
data/knewave/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/nanumgothic/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/jcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Agrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni041F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ae.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0437.glif.i
data/ofl/encodesans/EncodeSans-Medium.menu.i
data/ofl/quattrocento/Quattrocento-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044D_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/agrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0435.glif.i
data/gruppo/Gruppo-Light.ttf.i
data/ofl/swankyandmoomoo/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/indieflower/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/gcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyone/BowlbyOne-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_4.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/N_.glif.i
data/apache/droidsanstamil/METADATA.json.i
data/ezra/src/WordDocs/Ezra Unicode Convert30.doc.d
data/ezra/src/WordDocs/Ezra Unicode Convert30.doc.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/src/TerminalDosis-Medium.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/gruppo/Gruppo-Light.ttf.d
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/chivo/src/Chivo-BlackItalic-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni04B6_.glif.i
data/ofl/alefhebrew/src/Alef-Webfont/stylesheet.css.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni000A.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni0449.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/megrim/Megrim.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/mu.glif.i
data/ofl/dawningofanewday/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_0A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/rajdhani/src/Rajdhani-Light.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/guillemotright.glif.i
data/ofl/podkova/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/underdog/src/Underdog-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ka-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/divisionslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/shadowsintolight/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/poetsenone/src/PoetsenOne-Regular.otf.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/K_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE02E.glyph.i
data/ofl/dorsa/Dorsa-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Omacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.ss01.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/designers/astigmatic/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/jsmath/jsMath-cmex10.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/agrave.glyph.i
data/happymonkey/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/ygrave.glif.i
data/ofl/donegalone/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ve-cy.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/alegreya/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni200b_.glif.i
data/terminaldosis/TerminalDosis-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/apache/opensanshebrewcondensed/src/OpenSansHebrew-CondExtraBold.glyphs.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Y_acute.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/NotoSerif-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_f.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/src/VTT/UbuntuMono-BI-hinting.ttf.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/ribeye/Ribeye-Regular.ttf.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_99.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/fi.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE09D.glyph.i
data/ofl/adamina/Adamina-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/firasans/FiraSans-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/damion/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/gentiumbookbasic/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Light.sfd.i
data/ofl/oranienbaum/Oranienbaum-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni0326.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/jura/src/Jura-Light.sfd.d
data/ofl/titanone/src/TitanOne-Regular.otf.i
data/niconne/src/Niconne-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/j.glif.i
data/signika/src/Signika-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/rougescript/src/RougeScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/rougescript/src/RougeScript-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01c7.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_2.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/omacron.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Lje-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/ofl/sirinstencil/SirinStencil-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/Zdotaccent_.glif.i
data/apache/notosansui/NotoSansUI-Italic.greek.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/scaron.smcp.glif.i
data/carterbold/METADATA.i
data/arvo/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_4.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0458.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-BlackItalic.cyrillic+latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/neuton/Neuton-ExtraLight.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/akronim/Akronim-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/jura/src/Jura-Light-TTF.sfd.d
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/src/Jura-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/wgrave.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0413.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/codystar/src/Codystar-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Ocircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/eogonek.smcp.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/numbersign.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/lobstertwo/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/ofl/changaone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_e_.glif.i
data/apache/walterturncoat/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/caron.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dzhe-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/l.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_c_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/f.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/scedilla.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/camby/Cambay-Regular.ttf.i
data/designers/claus_eggers_sørenson/portrait.png.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/g_cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/norican/Norican-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_slash.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/scheherazade/src/ScheherazadeRegOT.vtp.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/a.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcecodepro/SourceCodePro-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/moul/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/yi-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/E_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/piedra/src/Piedra-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Shcha-cy_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.greek-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/tilde.glif.i
data/piedra/src/Piedra-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/felltypes/IMFePIrm28P.menu.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE082.glyph.i
data/cabinsketch/CabinSketch.menu.i
data/ofl/berkshireswash/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/alikeangular/src/AlikeAngular-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/asset/src/Asset-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/forum/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/asset/src/Asset-TTF.sfd.d
data/ebgaramond/src/SFD/EBGaramondSC-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0402.glif.i
data/ebgaramond/src/SFD/EBGaramondSC-TTF.sfd.d
data/rosario/src/Rosario-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ncaron.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/sunshiney/Sunshiney.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Imacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/arapey/Arapey-Regular.ttf.i
data/jockeyone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0455.glif.i
data/dynalight/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-ThinItalic.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Dcaron_.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/Roboto-CondensedItalic.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/nacute.loclPLK_.smcp.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/markoone/src/MarkoOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/numero.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/sdotaccent.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Umacron_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/i.loclTRK_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/oneeighth.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/amarante/src/Amarante-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/amarante/src/Amarante-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-Bold.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/one.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_tilde.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/gfsneohellenic/src/GFSNeohellenicItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/h.glyph.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/ofl/chauphilomeneone/ChauPhilomeneOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni044E_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_6.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/spinnaker/src/Spinnaker-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/griffy/Griffy-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-ttf.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/registered.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/orienta/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/kenia/src/features.kern.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/sarina/Sarina-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/napostrophe.glif.i
data/thabit/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/alike/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/uni0454.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/sixcaps/src/SixCaps.sfd.i
data/exo/src/Exo-ExtraBold-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/breve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni2219.glif.i
data/eaglelake/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Italic.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/gdotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/E_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/breve-cy.glif.i
data/ofl/badscript/BadScript-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/play/src/Play-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/flamenco/src/Flamenco-Light-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Scircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-Italic.greek.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oslash.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/hcircumflex.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/AE_.glif.i
data/fjordone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/E_uro.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/iconic/src/comment_alt2_fill.svg.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Amacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/sail/src/Sail-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/abrilfatface/OFL.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/uni021B.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/n_tilde.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/A_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/changaone/md5sum.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni020C.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasans/src/AlegreyaSans-LightItalic.otf.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf.d
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/terminaldosis/Dosis-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/threesuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/carroisgothic/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/damion/Damion-Regular.ttf.i
data/ptserif/PT_Serif-Caption-Web-Regular.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/passionone/src/PassionOne-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/paprika/src/Paprika-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/R_.glif.i
data/novacut/NovaCut.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/germandbls.glif.i
data/ofl/nothingyoucoulddo/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/droidarabicnaskh/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/tangerine/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/lemon/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/candal/src/Candal.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Jcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/be-cy.srb.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_069.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/wdieresis.glif.i
data/chewy/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/feature.fea.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10070.glif.i
data/ofl/belgrano/Belgrano-Regular.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/umacron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ze-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/exo/Exo-Thin.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/alegreyasanssc/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/rokkitt/src/Rokkitt.otf.i
data/ofl/rye/src/Rye-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/esteban/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/rancho/Rancho-Regular.latin.i
data/designers/sil_international/BIO.template.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043D_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/gentium/src/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/W_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/lekton/src/LektonItalic004.otf.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/Roboto-Condensed.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/foursuperior.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Rcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/myanmarsanspro/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Wcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/devonshire/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/rocksalt/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/features.fea.i
data/allerta/src/Allerta-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_ogonek.glif.i
data/glegoo/src/Glegoo-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/modernantiqua/METADATA.json.i
data/cutive/Cutive-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Acircumflex_.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/thabit/Thabit-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/hennypenny/HennyPenny-Regular.ttf.i
data/alegreyasc/src/AlegreyaSC-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Udieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/padauk/src/wscript.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uacute.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_067.i
data/ofl/berkshireswash/BerkshireSwash-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/rcommaaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lamed-hb.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsesi/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni045F_.glif.i
data/gravitasone/GravitasOne.menu.i
data/radley/src/Radley-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/radley/src/Radley-Regular-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/designers/dave_crossland/portrait.jpg.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif.i
data/headlandone/HeadlandOne-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/nine.glif.i
data/arvo/src/Arvo_TTX_naming/Arvo-Regular_v104.ttx.i
data/antic/Antic-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/nats/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/vidaloka/src/Vidaloka-Regular.vfb.d
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/glyphs/c.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ecaron.glif.i
data/ofl/federant/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni020a_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/cdotaccent.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/uni04BA_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s_.glif.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ugrave.glif.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/f_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/O_dieresis.glif.i
data/shadowsintolight/src/ShadowsIntoLight.vfb.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/shadowsintolight/src/ShadowsIntoLight.vfb.d
data/architectsdaughter/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/eight.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/ptserif/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/florin.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni041B_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/breve.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/averialibre/AveriaLibre-Italic.latin.i
data/ofl/alef/Alef-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Italic.greek.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch2961750.png.i
data/ofl/sofia/src/Sofia-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/inconsolata/md5sum.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/abreve.glif.i
data/ofl/ptsansnarrow/PT_Sans-Narrow-Web-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cabin/src/Cabin-SemiBold.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/f.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/fl.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/changa/Changa-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/raviprakash/RaviPrakash-Regular.telugu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Bold-after-fonttools-prep-gasp-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/raviprakash/RaviPrakash-Regular.telugu.d
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/c_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Scaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f.glif.i
data/ofl/gentiumbasic/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/delius/src/Delius-Regular.otf.i
data/apache/cousine/Cousine-Bold.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/daysone/DaysOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/uni041A_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/istok/Istok-Regular.ttf.i
data/apache/comingsoon/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/apache/notoserif/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/obreve.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/x.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dollar.smcp.glif.i
data/iconic/src/battery_full.svg.i
data/newscycle/NewsCycle-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/mrbedfort/MrBedfort-Regular.latin.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/finalnun-hb.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/G_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/c_circumflex.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/e_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Tcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/kaushanscript/KaushanScript-Regular.latin-ext.d
data/kaushanscript/KaushanScript-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/craftygirls/APACHE2.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/NeutonReg-2010.8.03-17.10.sfd.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Bold.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/andadasc/AndadaSC-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/specialelite/METADATA.i
data/paytoneone/PaytoneOne.ttf.i
data/arbutus/src/Arbutus-Regular.otf.i
data/paytoneone/PaytoneOne.ttf.d
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0445.glif.i
data/arimo/Arimo-Bold.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/gudea/src/Gudea-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni01c_9.glif.i
data/vt323/VT323-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ptserif/src/PTF75F.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE038.glyph.i
data/dosis/Dosis-ExtraLight.ttf.i
data/ofl/timmana/Timmana-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/glyphs/H_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/En-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/timmana/Timmana-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/lato/Lato-HairlineItalic.vietnamese.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/imfellfrenchcanon/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/novascript/src/NovaScript.png.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/five.glif.i
data/ericaone/EricaOne-Regular.menu.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.log.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/pontanosans/.git/refs/heads/master.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/racute.glif.i
data/nanumpenscript/src/NanumPen.otf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/kreon/src/Kreon-Light.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/candal/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/passionone/src/PassionOne-Black.otf.i
data/ofl/bowlbyone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Aacute_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/breeserif/BreeSerif-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/ofl/gfsneohellenic/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/quotedblleft.glif.i
data/ofl/newrocker/NewRocker-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Delta_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/croissantone/CroissantOne-Regular.latin.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_2.glif.i
data/cousine/src/Cousine-Italic.ttf.d
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/cousine/src/Cousine-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Germandbls_.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_tilde.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ncommaaccent_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/K_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Medium.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplaysc/PlayfairDisplaySC-Regular.cyrillic.d
data/ofl/anonymouspro/AnonymousPro-Italic.ttf.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-Italic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/lobstertwo/LobsterTwo-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/b.glif.i
data/exo/src/Exo-ExtraLight.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/braceright.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/n.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/g_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/L_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0.glif.i
data/ofl/handlee/Handlee-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0430.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni044C_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni021A_.glif.i
data/felltypes/IMFeENsc28P.ttf.i
data/ofl/marckscript/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/apache/droidarabicnaskh/LICENSE.txt.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Thin.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/S_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_I_J.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/sterling.smcp.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFLab.ufo/glyphs/uni020A_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Yacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/ring.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni045C_.glif.i
data/ofl/kantumruy/Kantumruy-Light.khmer.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/seven.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/O_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/edieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/handlee/src/Handlee-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni1E_60.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-BlackItalic-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/overlock/md5sum.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni00B9.glif.i
data/convergence/Convergence-Regular.menu.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumgothic/EXTENSION.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Light.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0436.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/one.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Uacute_.glif.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni00A0.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/U_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/uhungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/geo/Geo-Oblique.ttf.i
data/nanummyeongjo/md5sum.i
data/neuton/Neuton-Extrabold.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/U_.ss01.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_280.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/ograve.glif.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Q_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.glif.i
data/ofl/textmeone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ntilde.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lessequal.glif.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l_.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.vfb.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Lower Case/sketch29615193.png.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/trochut/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE026.glyph.i
data/capriola/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/aring.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/acute.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/ccaron.smcp.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/amacron.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/almendra/src/Almendra-Italic.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/scaron.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Ycircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/emdash.glif.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/trademark.glif.i
data/ofl/sonsieone/SonsieOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/monoton/Monoton-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/dhyana/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/adventpro/src/AdventPro-SemiBold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/ecircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/redacted/Redacted-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/benchnine/BenchNine-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/tilde.smcp.glif.i
data/istokweb/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/enriqueta/src/Enriqueta-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/kellyslab/KellySlab-Regular.latin.i
data/istokweb/IstokWeb-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/acutecomb.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/acute.case.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Thin.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/d.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni043E_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/utilde.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni272f_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/multiply.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/kristi/Kristi.ttf.i
data/alikeangular/src/AlikeAngular-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE034.glyph.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/Raleway-Thin-OTF.vfb.i
data/pompiere/METADATA.i
data/apache/yellowtail/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Y_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/cacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/f_f_l.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_b_b_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/four.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni045B_.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/apache/notosanscoptic/NotoSansCoptic-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/signikanegative/SignikaNegative-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni02C_9.glif.i
data/ofl/domine/src/Domine-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/pi.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/F_.ss01.glif.i
data/giveyouglory/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/strong/Strong-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/o_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Light.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/apache/roboto/Roboto-Light.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/exo/Exo-ExtraBold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/nats/NATS-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/scada/Scada-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-Thin.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/rcaron.glif.i
data/apache/notosanstamilui/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/anticdidone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/metamorphous/src/Metamorphous-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/astloch/Astloch-Regular.ttf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_054.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Ccaron_.glif.i
data/josefinsans/JosefinSans-ThinItalic.menu.i
data/ofl/thsarabunofl/OFL.txt.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/s_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ydieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/lcommaaccent.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/s.long.glyph.i
data/ofl/englebert/Englebert-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/cacute.glyph.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/brokenbar.glif.i
data/ofl/changa/METADATA.json.i
data/vollkorn/src/vollkorn.otf.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_A_.glif.i
data/medievalsharp/MedievalSharp.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01C_6.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/apache/droidarabickufi/src/UPSTREAM.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/nixieone/NixieOne-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/gloriahallelujah/GloriaHallelujah.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/q.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Aring_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0413.glif.i
data/mavenpro/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/lato/Lato-MediumItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Italic.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/ofl/felipa/src/Felipa-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/two.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/t.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/E_.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/i_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10107.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Tcedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/ofl/emilyscandy/METADATA.json.i
data/pollerone/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/gravitasone/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0433.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ii-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020E_.glif.i
data/ofl/podkova/src/Podkova-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/e.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni040B_.glif.i
data/ofl/dancingscript/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/o.glif.i
data/play/Play-Regular.greek-ext+latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/F_.glif.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Light.menu.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/S_acute.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_236.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE018.glyph.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Igrave_.glif.i
data/ezrasil/src/VOLT/LICENSE.txt.i
data/inika/Inika-Bold.latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Egrave_.glif.i
data/ofl/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/fenix/src/Fenix-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.glif.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Light.sfd.i
data/stardosstencil/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/adventpro/menusubset-adventpro.ff.i
data/ofl/reeniebeanie/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0440.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/space.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/semicolon.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0447.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/andika/sources/graphite/features.gdh.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/Ccedilla_.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/preahvihear/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/k_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/three.dnom.glif.i
data/ofl/thsarabunofl/THSarabunOFL-Italic.ttf.i
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/iacute.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/igrave.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-BoldItalic.greek-ext+latin.d
data/designers/kimberly_geswein/portrait-orig.jpg.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/B_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni040A_.glif.i
data/apache/notosanslaoui/NotoSansLaoUI-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/edotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Regular.ufo/glyphs/O_macron.glif.i
data/ofl/monsieurladoulaise/src/MonsieurLaDoulaise-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/play/Play-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Italic.otf.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/parenright.glyph.i
data/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/glyphs/uni0211.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/aogonek.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_9.glif.i
data/ofl/tagoni/src/Tagoni-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch2961835.png.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0414.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/BenchNine-Bold.menu.i
data/actor/src/Actor-Regular.otf.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/cedilla.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangang/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf.d
data/ofl/seoulhangang/SeoulHangang-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-Black.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/kcedilla.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/scedilla.glif.i
data/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne-TTF.ufo/glyphs/dollar.glif.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.cyrillic-ext.d
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/at.glif.i
data/ofl/pathwaygothicone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/apache/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Light.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/uni0446.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/gbreve.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/o_grave.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ogonek.glif.i
data/opensans/OpenSans-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/Ohungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-Italic.menu.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Regular.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/TitilliumWeb-ExtraLight.menu.i
data/apache/notosansthaiui/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/questrial/Questrial-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/cent.glif.i
data/ubuntu/Ubuntu-Italic.greek+latin.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Italic.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Semibold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Semibold.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Thorn_.glif.i
data/unifrakturcook/src/UnifrakturCook-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/de-cy.glif.i
data/sunshiney/LICENSE.txt.i
data/charissil/CharisSIL-Regular.cyrillic-ext+latin.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular.ufo/glyphs/bullet.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/bevan/src/Bevan.ufo/fontinfo.plist.i
data/ofl/jacquesfrancois/JacquesFrancois-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Zacute_.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/averiasanslibre/AveriaSansLibre-BoldItalic.latin.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/Odieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreyasc/AlegreyaSC-BlackItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/MontserratAlternates-Regular-OTF.vfb.d
data/apache/notosanstamil/LICENSE.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/MontserratAlternates-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/neuton/Neuton-ExtraBold.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/O_grave.glif.i
data/tinos/Tinos-Italic.vietnamese+latin.i
data/ofl/ptsans/PT_Sans-Web-Regular.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/src/SourceSansPro-BlackIt.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/aring.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Rcaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/karlatamilinclined/src/InVOLT_ImportProject_1to272.vtp.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_c_d__uni0e_c_9.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Hcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/SeoulHangangB.otf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/SeoulHangangB.otf.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/three.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/breeserif/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/period.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Zcaron_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/imprima/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/o.glyph.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni01F_2.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/emacron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0444.glif.i
data/dawningofanewday/src/Kimberly_Geswein.jpg.i
data/ofl/poly/Poly-Italic.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/y.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00AD_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nonmarkingreturn.glif.i
data/ofl/geo/Geo-Regular.latin.i
data/neucha/Neucha.menu.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/itilde.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/T_.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniE03D.glyph.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/sacute.glyph.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/imacron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Thin.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/jura/src/Jura-Medium-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/macron.glif.i
data/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.ttf.i
data/belgrano/Belgrano-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/zacute.glyph.i
data/playfairdisplay/PlayfairDisplay-Black.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/parenleft.glif.i
data/andika/web/Andika-webfont-example.html.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/acircumflex.glif.i
data/devonshire/md5sum.i
data/ofl/galdeano/src/Galdeano-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/qwigley/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/aacute.glif.i
data/armata/Armata-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_232.i
data/meddon/Meddon.menu.i
data/cantarell/src/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/plusminus.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/w.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Eogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/Gcommaaccent_.glif.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Annaheim-Regular-kern.fea.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/uniFB05.glyph.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/onequarter.glif.i
data/ofl/tienne/src/Tienne-Bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/greater.glif.i
data/ofl/portlligatslab/src/PortLligatSlab-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/seven.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/src/FontLab/FL-Unmerged Source/Raleway-Light-Italic.vfb.i
data/share/Share-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/faunaone/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/R_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Italic.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni021b_.glif.i
data/ofl/yesevaone/src/YesevaOne.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-MediumItalic.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/L_.glif.i
data/ofl/kottaone/KottaOne-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni00660062.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Idieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Bold.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/ocircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/waitingforthesunrise/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0427.glif.i
data/alegreyasc/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/alef/Alef-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01ca.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/s_cedilla.glif.i
data/miama/src/lr.png.i
data/jockeyone/JockeyOne-Regular.menu.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/ordmasculine.glif.i
data/cookie/src/Cookie-Regular.vfb.d
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/SourceSansPro-Semibold.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/nerkoone/src/1 Phone Sketches/Higher Case/sketch2961730.png.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/percent.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/iconic/src/document_stroke.svg.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/u.glif.i
data/ofl/sail/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/approxequal.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Black.ufo/glyphs/quotedblbase.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/kaushanscript/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/sarpanch/src/Sarpanch-Medium.otf.i
data/iconic/src/battery_empty.svg.i
data/ofl/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/N_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/W_dieresis.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/g_circumflex.glif.i
data/amaticsc/src/AmaticSC-Bold.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Sacute_.glif.i
data/tinos/OFL.txt.i
data/ezrasil/src/mappings/se2tr_2007.cct.i
data/ofl/yanonekaffeesatz/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/s.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/robotocondensed/RobotoCondensed-Bold.greek+latin.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/anticslab/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/lateef/LateefRegOT.menu.i
data/ofl/miltoniantattoo/MiltonianTattoo-Regular.menu.i
data/roboto/Roboto-ThinItalic.latin.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/asciicircum.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/onehalf.glif.i
data/ofl/hermeneusone/src/HermeneusOne-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/m.glif.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Bold-TTF.sfd.d
data/ofl/cabinsketch/src/CabinSketch-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/titilliumweb/src/TitilliumWeb-Bold.otf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/Wgrave_.glif.i
data/droid/DroidSans-Bold.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/uni0410.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/idieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/tillana/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf.i
data/ofl/tillana/Tillana-ExtraBold.ttf.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/andika/sources/graphite/main.gdh.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/braceleft.case.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Light.ufo/glyphs/uni0200.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/oldenburg/METADATA.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/t_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/orbitron/Orbitron-Black.ttf.i
data/ofl/cabin/Cabin-SemiBoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0204.glif.i
data/ofl/halant/Halant-Semibold.devanagari.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/terminaldosislight/md5sum.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/asciitilde.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Regular.ufo/glyphs/copyright.glif.i
data/ofl/paprika/METADATA.json.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Lacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/Racute_.glif.i
data/francoisone/FrancoisOne.latin.i
data/patrickhand/METADATA.i
data/yellowtail/METADATA.i
data/ofl/portlligatslab/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Italic.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/thorn.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/seven.sups.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/eight.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/k_commaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/arapey/src/Arapey-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/i_ogonek.glif.i
data/ofl/eatercaps/EaterCaps-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/romanesco/Romanesco-Regular.menu.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/sterling.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/uni00B_3.glif.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/M_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/macron.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/meriendaone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/yellowtail/Yellowtail-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/radley/Radley-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/meriendaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular Italic.ufo/glyphs/guillemotleft.glif.i
data/qwigley/Qwigley-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/colon.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Bold.ufo/glyphs/grave.glif.i
data/oxygen/src/Oxygen-Regular.ufo/glyphs/c_circumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/geo/src/Geo-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/i.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/knewave/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/l.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Wacute_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/ordfeminine.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Ucircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/raleway/Raleway-Heavy.latin-ext.i
data/tinos/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/andika/sources/Andika-R-designsource.otf.d
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/A_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Light.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglleft.glif.i
data/ofl/andika/sources/Andika-R-designsource.otf.i
data/ofl/almendra/src/Almendra-BoldItalic.vfb.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/glyphs/eng.glif.i
data/ofl/radley/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Black.ufo/glyphs/Lslash_.glif.i
data/varelaround/md5sum.i
data/kenia/src/2010-12-09_Kenia_glyphs.pdf.d
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ge-cy.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/perthousand.glif.i
data/buenard/Buenard-Boldo.ttf.i
data/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/plus.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/e.smcp.glif.i
data/trykker/METADATA.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/adieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/monda/src/Monda-Bold.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/ofl/esteban/Esteban-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/Tcaron_.glif.i
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-BoldItalic.ttf.d
data/charissilcompact/CharisSILCompact-BoldItalic.ttf.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/section.glif.i
data/ofl/imprima/Imprima-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/Euro_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/J_.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/Gcircumflex_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/yacute.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/D_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold.ufo/glyphs/udieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/felipa/Felipa-Regular.ttf.i
data/marvel/Marvel-Italic.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/dotlessi.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_.glif.i
data/doppioone/src/DoppioOne-Regular.vfb.i
data/tools/ttfautohint/autohint-Roboto_Hinted_20111129-50.sh.i
data/apache/jsmathcmmi10/jsMath-cmmi10.menu.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ccedilla.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedblright.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold.ufo/glyphs/parenright.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/hungarumlaut.glif.i
data/vt321/OFL.txt.i
data/mrssheppards/MrsSheppards-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/softhyphen.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/sansitaone/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/tuffy/src/Tuffy-Bold.otf.i
data/apache/specialelite/SpecialElite.menu.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Regular.ufo/glyphs/z_dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Z_.glif.i
data/ofl/allan/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/hyphen.glif.i
data/lohit-tamil/METADATA.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/ucircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0453.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/integral.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/atilde.glif.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/endash.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni040E_.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.latin-ext.d
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/four.glif.i
data/apache/arimo/Arimo-BoldItalic.latin-ext.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/nonmarkingreturn.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/scircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/carme/src/Carme-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/eth.glif.i
data/ofl/prostoone/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ycircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/icircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0432.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Regular.ufo/glyphs/ncommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/threeeighths.glif.i
data/ofl/bigshotone/src/BigshotOne.ufo/glyphs/equal.glif.i
data/ofl/unifrakturmaguntia/src/UnifrakturMaguntia.sfdir/_Hundredroman.glyph.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni043A_.smcp.glif.i
data/artifika/Artifika-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/clickerscript/ClickerScript-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Regular.ufo/glyphs/periodcentered.case.glif.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/odieresis.glif.i
data/artifika/Artifika-Regular.ttf.d
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/notequal.glif.i
data/ofl/sourcesanspro/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Emacron_.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/underscore.glif.i
data/ubuntumono/UbuntuMono-Regular.cyrillic+latin.i
data/ofl/montserratalternates/src/Montserrat Alternates-Thin.ufo/glyphs/I_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/archivoblack/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lslash.glif.i
data/ofl/vidaloka/src/Vidaloka-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/oe.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.smcp.glif.i
data/spicyrice/METADATA.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni00A_0.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Regular.ufo/glyphs/I_acute.glif.i
data/ofl/ruslandisplay/RuslanDisplay.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/encodesansnarrow/EncodeSansNarrow-Bold.ttf.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/acute.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/z.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/noticiatext/src/NoticiaText-Regular-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/codacaption/src/VERSIONS.txt.i
data/ofl/exo/src/Exo-Medium.sfd.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/zacute.glif.i
data/ofl/flavors/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/imfellgreatprimer/OFL.txt.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni01ca.glif.i
data/ofl/stoke/src/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/anton/src/Anton.ufo/glyphs/U_circumflex.glif.i
data/adventpro/src/AdventPro-Bold-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Regular.ufo/glyphs/h.glif.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_158.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/infinity.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Icircumflex_.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/logicalnot.glif.i
data/ofl/karma/Karma-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/mrssaintdelafield/MrsSaintDelafield-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/grandhotel/src/GrandHotel-Regular.vfb.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/exclam.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/glyphs/greaterequal.glif.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/P_.glif.i
data/ofl/nobile/src/nobile_bold.vfb.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/f_j.liga.glif.i
data/ofl/happymonkey/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/coda/Coda-Regular.latin.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Light.ufo/glyphs/kgreenlandic.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/geostarfill/DESCRIPTION.en_us.html.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/u_ogonek.glif.i
data/apache/notosans/NotoSans-Regular.greek-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/questiondown.glif.i
data/ofl/amaranth/src/Amaranth-Bold.ufo/glyphs/egrave.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/daggerdbl.glif.i
data/ofl/expletussans/ExpletusSans-SemiBold.menu.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/Idotaccent_.glif.i
data/ufl/ubuntu/src/Ubuntu-R-designsource.vfb.i
data/ofl/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/bracketright.glif.i
data/berkshireswash/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0203.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/Y_dieresis.glif.i
data/ofl/cutivemono/src/CutiveMono-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni020a_.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraBold.ufo/glyphs/oacute.glif.i
data/esteban/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLightItalic.ufo/glyphs/minus.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold Italic.ufo/glyphs/eacute.glif.i
data/ofl/seymourone/src/SeymourOne-Regular.ufo/glyphs/afii10069.glif.i
data/ofl/snippet/src/Snippet.ufo/glyphs/fraction.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uogonek_.glif.i
data/ofl/sarina/Sarina-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/Exo2-ExtraBoldItalic.menu.i
data/medievalsharp/src/METADATA_comments.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Light.ufo/glyphs/n_caron.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/Ntilde_.ss01.glif.i
data/ofl/happymonkey/src/HappyMonkey-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/novaslim/NovaSlim.menu.i
data/ofl/oldenburg/Oldenburg-Regular.ttf.i
data/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_058.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/less.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-regular.ufo/glyphs/zcaron.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Medium.ufo/groups.plist.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/sacute.loclPLK_.glif.i
data/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/kcommaaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/inconsolata/src/ppedit/cap_Eng.plate.i
data/ofl/volkhov/Volkhov-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/El-cy_.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/lozenge.glif.i
data/ofl/poetsenone/PoetsenOne-Regular.menu.i
data/cabincondensed/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.korean.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-BoldItalic.ufo/glyphs/otilde.glif.i
data/ofl/dhurjati/Dhurjati-Regular.menu.i
data/ofl/judson/Judson-Bold.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/seoulnamsan/SeoulNamsan-ExtraBold.korean.d
data/ofl/quattrocento/Quattrocento-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/wacute.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzel/src/Cinzel-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Edieresis_.glif.i
data/ofl/cantarell/src/METADATA_comments.txt.i
data/apache/robotoslab/RobotoSlab-Regular.greek.i
data/pontanosans/.git/logs/refs/heads/master.i
data/quicksand/src/Quicksand-Bold.vfb.i
data/electrolize/src/Electrolize-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/bonbon/src/Bonbon-Regular-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/freckleface/FreckleFace-Regular.latin-ext.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quoteleft.glif.i
data/nobile/src/Nobile_italic002.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Light.ufo/glyphs/summation.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/p.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-BlackItalic.ufo/lib.plist.i
data/ofl/alfaslabone/OFL.txt.i
data/amaranth/src/Amaranth-otf.ufo/metainfo.plist.i
data/ofl/redactedscript/RedactedScript-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/four.numr.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/uni0407.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ThinItalic.ufo/glyphs/g.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/ellipsis.glif.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-RegularItalic.ufo/glyphs/m.smcp.glif.i
data/ofl/oswald/src/Oswald-Bold.ufo/.ufo/glyphs/paragraph.glif.i
data/ofl/dhyana/src/Dhyana-Bold.ufo/glyphs/uni0e_a_3.glif.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/mobile/SeoulHangangB.ttf.d
data/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/k.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Italic.ufo/glyphs/guilsinglright.glif.i
data/apache/opensans/OpenSans-Semibold.cyrillic-ext.i
data/ofl/seoulhangangcondensed/src/mobile/SeoulHangangB.ttf.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/slash.glif.i
data/ofl/inika/src/Inika-Bold-OTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/anaheim/src/Anaheim-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uni0213.glif.i
data/geo/METADATA.i
data/ofl/engagement/Engagement-Regular.ttf.i
data/sail/OFL.txt.i
data/ofl/playfairdisplay/src/Playfair Display-Bold.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/alegreya/src/Alegreya-Black-TTF.vfb.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/uniF_B_01.glif.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Bold-OTF.ufo/glyphs/product.glif.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_049.i
data/ofl/wallpoet/src/wallpoet_eps/wallpoet_288.i
data/ofl/bowlbyonesc/src/BowlbyOneSC-Regular.ufo/glyphs/e_caron.glif.i
data/neuton/src/Neuton-Cursive.ufo/glyphs/quotereversed.glif.i
data/anton/src/AntonFForge.ufo/glyphs/bar.glif.i
data/ofl/italiana/Italiana-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/nanumgothic/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf.i
data/ofl/benchnine/src/BenchNine-Regular.ufo/glyphs/gcircumflex.glif.i
data/ofl/nanumgothic/NanumGothic-Regular.ttf.d
data/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/quotedbl.glif.i
data/ofl/cutive/src/Cutive-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/r.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-SemiBold.ufo/glyphs/quoteright.glif.i
data/ofl/novacut/NovaCut.ttf.i
data/designers/oriol_esparraguera/portrait.jpg.i
data/ofl/play/Play-Regular.cyrillic.i
data/ofl/cinzeldecorative/src/CinzelDecorative-Black-OTF.ufo/glyphs/Uhungarumlaut_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Hairline.ufo/glyphs/asterisk.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-LightItalic.ufo/glyphs/exclamdown.glif.i
data/ofl/pontanosans/src/PontanoSans-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/dotaccent.glif.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-Bold.ufo/glyphs/Ldot_.glif.i
data/ofl/elsie/src/Elsie-Regular-TTF.sfd.i
data/ofl/exo2/src/Exo2-ExtraLight.ufo/glyphs/Ecaron_.glif.i
data/ofl/armata/FONTLOG.txt.i
data/leckerlione/src/LeckerliOne.ufo/glyphs/E_grave.glif.i
data/gruppo/src/Gruppo-Regular-OTF.ufo/glyphs/uni020c_.glif.i
data/ofl/montserrat/src/UFO/Montserrat-Black.ufo/glyphs/six.glif.i
